 Intern - Learning: Job Summary: This role supports Marketing, Digital, Finance and Americas Zone trainings within our Corporate Learning team. This person will oversee logistics for all programs including deep dive trainings in cosmetics, hair color and skincare among others. They will also support partnerships with digital power players and other exciting, companywide initiatives. This role has high visibility to the L’Oréal business and strategic priorities across brand and great exposure to partners in marketing, digital and finance. The person in this role will gain valuable experience with a best-in-class training and employee development department, with an emphasis on our organization’s current digital transformation. This is a great role for someone who is interested in pursuing a career in Marketing, Digital, Public Relation, or Learning. Key Job Accountabilities: Program support: Liaise with vendors and venues on all logistics Coordinate program catering and networking events Coordinate, prepare and ship materials for programs Compose and send out post-program feedback forms (Formetris) Maintain all courses and sessions in HR systems (PRISM & Unity) Set-up and breakdown of program venues (participant packets, supplies, products, decor, A/V & IT, manage catering, etc) Create and develop program booklets ensuring that content is relevant and aesthetics are consistent with team branding Gather and maintain products and supplies inventory Make recommendations to constantly improve program quality and customer service to trainees Team Coordination: Provide support during internal meetings and international colleague visits Maintain shared drive files, including team calendar Maintain list of all recipients of year-end thank you gifts (presenters, stakeholders) and assist in gift distribution Plan quarterly team inspiration walks/offsites Constantly audit the way we work and make recommendations for improved efficiencies (cost cutting, time saving, etc) Special projects as assigned to build portfolio of experience Job Requirements: Candidates must have received a Bachelor’s degree within the last 12 months OR must have graduated with a Master’s degree within the last 12 months with no gap more than 5 months in education history Possess a 3.0 GPA or higher Prior internship or office experience preferred Excellent organizational skills, keen eye for attention to detail and proven ability to independently handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment. Must be able to problem solve and adapt quickly to changing circumstances. Strong verbal communication, writing and interpersonal skills along with the ability to form strong cross-functional relationships Must have a team player mindset, actively take initiative and have a strong work ethic Be self-motivated and curious and sense of confidentiality Have a “customer service” orientation with ability to escalate issues when appropriate Computer proficiency including Microsoft Office Suite of products including Microsoft Office – Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Microsoft Outlook for email, calendar, contacts, scheduling and task management required Have demonstrated use of analytical skills – both using tools (ex. Excel, Business Objects, etc.) and problem solving/critical thinking skills This summary describes the general nature of work to be performed and is not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of an incumbent in this position. This position is NON-EXEMPT under FLSA, and is eligible for straight time up to 40 hours and overtime paid in accordance with FLSA regulations after working 40 hours in a weekly period. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and take pride in a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete an application for a recognized disability under applicable law, please email USApplicationAccommodation@support.lorealusa.com. Please note this email will only respond to specific requests for assistance completing the application as a request for accommodation for a disability. All others will not be considered.
 General Warehouse Worker: Starting Rate is $18.50/hour What does a Best Buy General Warehouse Worker do? As a General Warehouse Worker, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center through use of equipment in areas such as Receiving, Stocking, Shipping, Non-Con, Order Processing and Replenishment. Your responsibilities will include operating equipment in a safe manner, while making sure that you are maintaining a safe and clean working area and ensuring that our product is in perfect condition to sell to our customers. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a General Warehouse Worker but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Unload and process receipt of merchandise from inbound trucks Stocks merchandise that has been received into specific designated locations Process all orders by locating specified product and moving product to the loading dock Packs smaller products into larger containers for shipment to stores Loads merchandise onto trucks for shipment to company locations Maintains a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris. Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed for operating equipment in the RDC Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional requirements of a General Warehouse Worker? Basic Qualifications: Able to individually lift and maneuver 40 lbs frequently and repetitively (up to a maximum of 75 lbs; with or without reasonable accommodation) Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or Equivalent What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Researcher, Deep Learning: We are looking for researchers to join our newly formed team specializing in Deep Learning. The Deep Learning team splits its time between fundamental research in Deep Learning (both algorithmic and systems) and its applications to Finance. As part of this team you’ll remain connected to the broader research community by partnering with external collaborators and publishing papers. Minimum qualifications: Masters or PhD in Computer Science. Expertise in Machine Learning with a focus on Deep Learning. Intermediate programming skills in Java, C++, or Python. Financial experience is not a requirement. Preferred qualifications: Strong publication record or Open Source contributions in Deep Learning and related areas. Experience working on practical applications using real-world datasets.
Deep Learning Scientist: Functional Area: FA - Finance Estimated Travel Percentage (%): Relocation Provided: AIG PC Global Services, Inc Position Summary The Science team at AIG develops AI-first products (apps and services that use machine learning to _inform_ and _assist_ their users) for both insurance and investment arms of AIG. This is mainly achieved through: Incubation of disruptive innovation (via scientists, engineers and designers working together) Machine learning R&D (and publication in top AI/ML conferences and journals) Provision of machine-learning advisory / consulting to AIG's global businesses. The resulting solutions and innovations aim to reinvent AIG’s internal processes, improve AIG’s offerings to its clients (in line with the company’s mission to be its clients’ most valued insurer), and ultimately disrupt the wider insurance industry. As a critical role in Science’s success, we are looking to hire Deep Learning Scientists to join our team and contribute to the development and implementation of the algorithmic core of a series of exciting new products / projects. We are currently hiring Deep Learning scientists across following themes (to name a few): Natural Language Processing (NLP). Deep Reinforcement Learning, Unsupervised Learning, and Generative models. Computer Vision. Recurrent Neural Networks, Sequence Learning and Sequence Analysis. This is an exciting opportunity for those who want to enjoy state-of-the-art R&D and be challenged and grow as a Deep Learning Scientist; along the way this role will contribute to game-changing products for the multi-trillion- dollar insurance industry and use AIG’s (the world’s largest insurer by many metrics) global network to deliver impact and change. Responsibilities and Performance Objectives Employ the best of Deep Learning research for solving business problems - disrupting the current practice in insurance and investment. Build and refine Deep Learning algorithms that can find “useful” patterns in large multi-modal data (particularly, images, text, conversations, and transactional data). Provide the business with new product ideas, as well as data-driven apps, insights and strategies. Communicate (both oral and written) with colleagues and stakeholders (both internal and external). For more senior candidates: Lead, inspire and mentor junior scientists and research assistants / interns. Required Attributes Both senior candidates (e.g., with years of post-doctoral and/or commercial experience) and junior candidates are welcome to apply; we have and will offer positions appropriate to expertise and level of experience. The minimum required skills include: An advanced degree in a numeric discipline (e.g., Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Engineering, and Physics). Completion of one significant project (equivalent of a PhD research project, and/or a viable commercial product) in one or more of the hiring themes. Scientific expertise, strong track record, and real-world experience in Deep Learning, especially with hands-on experience in hyper-parameter tuning and deep construction / distribution (e.g., architecture design in DNN/CNN/RNN, parameter initialization, activation, normalization, and optimization). Expertise in programming (e.g., Python and C++) and computing technologies (high-performance computing, e.g., CUDA). Ability to use existing deep / machine learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, Torch, Theano, Caffe, and scikit-learn). Experience with the data and platform aspects of the projects. Review, direct, guide, inspire the research of the more junior scientists in the team (especially applicable to more senior candidates). An ideal candidate (is not required to, but) will also have Track record in integrating deep learning with real-time computing (including mobile apps and front-end systems). Experience in employing deep learning in a commercial setting – in collaboration with product development teams. Publication record in (and willingness to represent AIG in) top machine learning journals (e.g., AI, TPAMI, IJCV, and JMLR) and conferences (e.g., NIPS, ICML, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, EMNLP, ICLR, and IJCV). Experience of working with engineering and design / product teams. Broad knowledge of machine learning (including topics such as graph theory, hierarchical modeling, and Bayesian inference). Practical experience of modern big-data computing ecosystems (e.g., Apache Spark). The ability to engage with business stakeholders (with excellent oral and written communication skills). It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.
Learning Management System (LMS) Administrator: We are New York City's top-performing and fastest-growing charter school network, and we are fundamentally reshaping public education. To ensure long- lasting change and a school model that will prepare current and future generations of children from all backgrounds with the subject mastery and skills to succeed in college and life, we have reconceived every aspect of school design, from elementary to high school. To meet these challenges, Success has launched the Education Institute, to drive the organization-wide training and development strategy for adult learners. The Ed Institute provides a sophisticated digital environment for housing our innovative scholar curriculum, adult e-learning courses, and other training resources — combined with the in-person practice and coaching that is foundational to our approach to adult learning. The Ed Institute will give us the capacity to train thousands of our own educators, as well as to spur innovation and to share our model and best practices with other charter management organizations and districts around the country. To bring this critically important endeavor to scale, Success seeks to hire a Learning Management System Administrator to administer a learning management system (LMS) for our youngest learners: our scholars. The successful candidate will be responsible for instructional technology, vendor management, IT project management, and data management. This individual will work closely with other members of the Ed Institute team and technology professionals to ensure our learning systems are leveraged for success and maintained with an eye to scaling for the future. Reporting to the Director of Learning Technology, the Learning Management System Administrator will be responsible for: Owning all aspects of learner enrollment in the LMS, a critical component of the learning ecosystem, as we build out of a full learning technology stack; Defining and documenting processes; documenting platforms and system standard operating procedures; Coordinating communication plans dealing with policies, procedures, and operational status of the LMS software, with all stakeholders; Serving as a point of escalation for all system issues, administrative aspects, and important processes of the LMS, including managing user groups, user permissions and notifications, and configuration; and Actively participating in industry forums and staying current on new technologies and applications in learning. The Learning Management System Administrator should be someone who… Has 4+ years’ experience in learning management system administration (must include experience as an administrator for Canvas), including course deployment, user support, system and analytical reporting, content management, and technical documentation; Has demonstrated experience with LTI / API integrations; Has demonstrated experience with SCORM and/or xAPI standards; Code basics: must include, at a minimum, HTML and CSS; Possesses a deep understanding of all components, features, and functions of Canvas; Has experience in project management, and meeting multiple deadlines; Communicates clearly and effectively with colleagues, internal customers, and vendors; Actively participates in the process of information exchange; Is results-oriented and concerned with quality; Is an analytical thinker and problem-solver; Exhibits a high level of grit and determination; Is a learner; and Is committed to education reform. To join our team, please upload a cover letter and resume that outlines your candidacy. Your cover letter should explain in detail your qualifications for the position. Resumes without cover letters will not be reviewed. Success Academy Charter Schools is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from people of all backgrounds. Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience. Success Academy offers a full benefits program and opportunities for professional growth.
 Manager, Professional Learning: Position Summary If you accept a position with Discovery Education you will be an at- will employee under Discovery Education and eligible for Discovery Education benefits and compensation plans. This role is not a Discovery, Inc. position. The Role Discovery Education builds strategic partnerships with school districts to transform teaching and learning through the implementation of engaging standards-based K-12 digital curriculum, delivery of intensive professional learning, and engagement within the global community. The Customer Experience team plays a critical role in achieving our goals of providing the best customer experience in education and demonstrating the educational impact needed to retain and grow our district partnerships. The Manager of Professional Learning is responsible for the strategic management and growth of the paid professional learning deliveries for the assigned accounts in the associated region. The Manager of Professional Learning is responsible for working with senior school district staff to ensure all aspects of paid professional learning exceed customer expectations by flawlessly planning, delivering, and merchandising all purchased professional learning within Discovery Education. The Manager of Professional Learning will ensure the successful execution of models of professional learning that truly make an impact in K-12 districts’ teaching and learning, while further embedding Discovery Education digital services in instruction. The Manager of Professional Learning will act as an expert and thought leader related to research and pedagogical grounding of our professional learning methodologies for our customers. Responsibilities Post-sale Professional Learning Cycle 1\. Lead, manage, and flawlessly deliver the paid professional learning services for assigned accounts 2\. Ensure a quality and consistent level of internal and external communication is maintained with each account 3\. Continually monitor measures of success and feedback mechanisms to ensure DE is meeting the expectations of district educators and fostering strong relationships 4\. Lead and manage regional accounts to ensure deep and relevant engagement with the strategic customers in the region 5\. Demonstrate program impact to secure renewals and growth in scope of both professional learning contracts and digital services in subsequent years 6\. Maintain and share Discovery Education’s strategic vision, goals and impact stories with customers 7\. Work collaboratively and communicate often with key members of the Customer Success Team and regional Partnership and Account Services Teams to understand the full customer experience to know how the PD seamlessly integrates into the customer experience with Discovery Education Management of Current Professional Learning Offerings 1\. Constantly evaluate and report upon our customer and specialist feedback to improve the content and/or delivery of our current professional learning portfolio of programs for the assigned accounts 2\. Work with regional Partnership Teams to forecast and manage the pipeline of programs 3\. Work to ensure PD is being scheduled consistently and customers are not lagging in their deliveries or plans for successful professional learning experiences 4\. Work with the Director, Professional Learning to adhere to travel and expense budgets 5\. Participate in regular regional strategic data reviews, including KPIs, surveys, usage, and other business metrics and seek to be well prepared and innovative about possible solutions based on customer feedback from assigned accounts 6\. Identification and analysis of account trends Development of New Professional Learning Offerings 1\. Assess feedback and trends in the market against our offerings and delivery mediums to ensure we are leading the introduction of research-driven, transformative professional learning 2\. Work closely with the Director, Professional Learning to provide market and customer feedback that potentially leads to the development of new programs and supporting operational and commercial plans 3\. Stay abreast of innovation in learning methodologies, research-based best practices and adult learning theory 4\. Maintain a current and deep level of knowledge of industry trends and curriculum topics and challenges 5\. Stay alert to opportunities for customers to feel a sense of customization and personalization that are internally scalable and efficient Merchandising and Marketing 1\. Ensure artifacts, evidence, qualitative, and quantitative data are collected from each account to provide quality feedback to the customer to foster the success of the digital learning journey 2\. Ensure all aspects of the professional learning delivery are on brand and represent the power and value of being a Discovery Education customer as well as stay true to the customer’s goals 3\. Execute upon and use the storytelling marketing strategy and toolkit (with artifacts and metrics) for the purposes of merchandising, upselling, and supporting the renewal for assigned accounts Improve Efficiency and Scalability 1\. Effectively and correctly use the operational elements of the Professional Learning delivery, including systems, tools, communication and management reporting 2\. Work across the region to maximize the use and usability of Salesforce as a CRM 3\. Work closely with the Customer Success team to monitor usage related to PD deliveries to ensure customer goals are being achieved and the services are deeply embedded into quality instructional practice 4\. Reflect upon PD delivery practices to look for ways to increase customer success and increase effectiveness and efficiencies of our deliveries General 1\. Maintain an understanding of industry trends, current events, anything that may impact the business by reading professional publications, researching all available prospect/product resources and participating in professional organizations 2\. Demonstrate exceptional interpersonal, organizational and presentation skills 3\. Understand new technologies and industry trends and be able to speak to how they impact Discovery Education 4\. Read professional literature regularly to contribute as a thought-leader and educational expert to DE 5\. Establish strong relationships with associated accounts and DE colleagues aligned in your region and across the business 6\. Use DE resources wisely to ensure the maximum impact and look for opportunities to reduce costs and ensure a successful customer experience 7\. Maintain a deep and current knowledge of all products and value added offerings at Discovery Education Requirements Advanced degree preferred, master’s degree or an equivalent combination of skills, training and experience Teaching experience; leadership or administrative experience strongly preferred At least 6-8 years of experience in roles of increasing responsibility, with experience leading professional learning implementations at the school or district level Thorough working knowledge of pedagogy and professional learning Ties to the education community including the ability to navigate the political landscape of public school systems Strong knowledge and experience with professional learning Thorough working knowledge of education technology including digital media and emerging web technologies and their application in the educational environment Impeccable interpersonal, presentation, organizational and verbal/written communication skills Background or experience in education sales/implementation preferred Attention to detail and the ability to manage a diverse workload Ability to work as a team and in a fast-paced environment Candidate must be willing to travel approximately 60-70% of the time with seasonal variations Candidate must live in the region in which the Manager level position is needed Must have the legal right to work in the United States
 Learning Specialist: At OnDeck, we make small business a big deal. We’re improving the world’s economic landscape by changing the way small businesses access capital. We care intensely about each other, our company and the customers we serve, and are committed to making every day count. Are you looking for an opportunity to promote learning, exercise creativity every day, and work with amazing people? The Learning Team is dedicated to advancing and developing skills and behaviors that will enable our team members to achieve the goals set by organization, team, and individual. The Learning Specialist reports to the Senior Manager of Learning under the People Operations Department. The Learning Specialist will quickly establish trust with multiple influencers in the organization. This role will be a hybrid that includes instructional designer/developer, consultant, and coordinator. We are looking for an engaging professional that can easily connect with executives, team members, and vendors. This is someone that will be trusted to lead meetings with VP’s or Directors – evaluating their needs and pitching a learning program that exceeds their expectations. They will need to be flexible, organized, and focused. Most importantly, they need to be a self-starter that knows how to establish a vision and execute. A typical week You will manage the “learning funnel” along with your team members. The learning funnel includes analysis, design, development, implementation, and evaluation. Your week will include designing and fine-tuning curriculum, leading workshops, providing status updates to stakeholders, leading needs assessments, and evaluating surveys and feedback from previous sessions. You will also work closely with your People Operations team members to build strategies that help advance our people, teams, and company goals. The qualities this person will need to thrive in this role: Utilizes creativity to solve problems and design solutions Adapts well to change Loves to build a plan and work the plan Lifelong learner that stays curious and seeks answers Engaging and friendly Responsibilities: Evaluate learning technology platforms so you can recommend and help implement solutions that meet the needs of the learner. Cultivate a network of “on the job” trainers that can co-facilitate existing functional training. Facilitate or co-facilitate high visibility learning experiences (leadership training, goal-setting) Evaluate legacy manager training programs and work with your team to update, remove, and enhance. Establish a regular cadence of core training programs around management, leadership, and critical thinking. Build out and maintain a network of contractors that can facilitate, design, and develop content. Deep dive into our current programs, provide recommendations where it can be improved and share some of best practices. Partner with subject matter experts within the organization to help turn their knowledge into interactive and engaging learning experiences. For example, working with an in-house expert in small business consulting or negotiation to help consult them on how to reach a wider audience. Regularly analyze survey data, share insights with stakeholders, and adjust as needed. Leverage learning resources like associations, conferences, and articles to stay current with learning trends. Ability to learn about business challenges and align a learning solution that can help address those challenges. Necessary Qualifications for Success: Bachelor’s degree Prior experience in a learning and development, teaching, or instructional designer/developer role. Experience designing and developing blended learning programs. Experience facilitating training to groups that range in size from 3-30. General knowledge and understanding of learning management systems. Instructional Design/Development: Provide examples of a course or program you designed and developed and provide an explanation of what needed to be addressed, the outcomes, and what you learned from the experience. Visual Design: Demonstrate the ability to organize text and graphics in a pleasing, purposeful way, that adheres to brand guidelines. Survey design and analytics: Able to write a relevant post-training survey, execute, analyze the results and present recommendations Ability to facilitate needs assessments at all levels of the organization. Ability to create workbooks, supplements, and PowerPoint decks that are simple, clean, and purposeful. Ability to author online self-paced learning content. Nice-to-haves: Industry: Experience working in a high growth medium-sized company. Experience as an administrator of a learning management system. (Examples include Lessonly, Cornerstone, Bridge, Docebo) Ownership: Experience running a learning program from implementation to evaluation. About OnDeck: As the largest online small business lender in the U.S. serving more than 700 different industries, we have been trusted by over 80,000 small businesses by providing them with a term loan or line of credit to help them build growing and thriving enterprises. Since 2007, we’ve issued over $8 billion in capital. Join us as we enable small businesses to achieve their goals. At OnDeck, we’re reinventing small business financing. We care intensely about each other, our company and the customers we serve, and are committed to making every day count. We are small enough to be nimble and strong enough to make a big impact. Benefits for you: OnDeck believes that each and every team member plays an important role in our company’s success. That’s why we strive to provide you and your family with a competitive and comprehensive benefit program with a variety of options and opportunities. We offer: Generous Vacation Comprehensive Healthcare Educational Reimbursement 401k Matching Parental Leave Sports Teams Stocked Kitchens Loan Consolidation We are going to ask you to talk about your accomplishments. Here are some of ours: WorldatWork, 2017 Seal of Distinction Fortune 50 Best Workplaces for Diversity, 2016 Fortune 50 Best Small and Medium Companies to Work For, 2016 Fortune 30 Best Workplaces in Finance and Insurance, 2016 Built in Colorado, Top 100 Digital Companies in Colorado, 2015, 2016, 2017 Crain’s New York Business Fast 50, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 Fortune and Great Place to Work 100 Best Workplaces for Millennials, 2015 Fortune/Great Place To Work Great Rated! People’s Picks: 20 Great Workplaces in Financial Services, 2015 Crain’s New York Best Places to Work, 2013, 2014, 2015 Colorado SHRM Best Companies to Work For in Colorado, 2015 Forbes’ America’s Most Promising Companies, 2013, 2014 Selling Power Magazine Best Company to Sell For, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 500|5000, 2013, 2014 As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, OnDeck provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, OnDeck complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. OnDeck expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of OnDeck’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. No external recruiters or agents, please.
 Retail Learning Specialist - Walden Galleria: The Learning Specialist (LS) possesses a passion for technology and supports the growth of each of the store team members by teaching them about our product line-up, customer service skills, and resources that will prepare them to offer a world-class customer experience. The LS reports directly to the Store Manager and is the ultimate subject matter expert when it comes to role, product, demo, and sales training for all team members in the store. The LS also partners with the HQ Readiness Team to help drive company and retail store priorities to ensure strategic objectives are met within the store. Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all of our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Responsibilities Responsibilities : Customer Obsession Generate customer obsession within our community through your passion and knowledge of everything Microsoft related Create a learning environment that is passionate, fun, & filled with knowledge for our employees and customers which builds on our WeWinAsATeam culture Evangelize product offerings and cross platform ecosystem integration through in-store experiences and learning engagements that build on increased utilization with devices customers own and love Adaptability Excel in fast paced and ambiguous situations by possessing impeccable organizational skills, patience and empathy Be able to pivot in a changing in-store environment and circumstances through world class customer and employee engagements Proactively build your Microsoft product & service acumen in order to be the expert in everything related to our internal and external customers by learning through peers, self-educating, and showcasing product and service offerings Ability to be flexible and manage tasks according to the needs of business Drive for Results Create an inclusive environment of modern story telling through insight sharing and self-discovery to deliver financial results Coach team members on sales skills and habits through observation to further enhance selling and support knowledge Observe customer interactions to provide sales and product coaching that can elevate overall store results and team engagement focus areas Ensure learning management tool results of the store team is meeting and exceeding company deadlines put into place Influencing for Impact Infuse Microsoft Store culture, mission and values within the team, which will elevate in-store customer interactions Continuously promote product knowledge to others along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Possesses the ability to persuade positive business outcomes through in-store interactions with customers and team mates Collaboration Feel empowered to impact and support store and corporate leadership teams in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in the lives of our customers Combines resources to provide a thorough learning experience while partnering with teammates to achieve store and company goals Connect with each team member to understand their readiness and learning needs to ensure they are able to deliver on all training content Qualifications Required Qualifications 2 years of experience in a teaching, training, or management capacity Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Previous technology/product/software training experience or related teaching experience in non-retail environment Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Time management, analytical and organizational skills with a high-level attention to detail Strong verbal and written communication skills Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT College degree Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Team Coordinator: Starting Rate is $20/hour What does a Best Buy Team Coordinator do? As a Best Buy Team Coordinator this role will function as an extension of the critical leadership functions that are executed daily by the Supervisory staff. This role will have no direct supervisory responsibility, and the responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a team coordinator, but may vary based on departmental assignment. Essential Functions Perform daily start up meetings to include Safety topics, Staffing assignments and Stretching/ Warm-up activities. Administrative duties to include verifying all activity logs are accurate and turned in on time Support the DC Supervisor in communicating daily and weekly department and building goals and projections. Monitor the labor of the department and moving team members as needed and attending meetings. Focus on Safety and Quality, while modeling and teaching proper techniques and coaching for new behaviors if needed. Reporting of all system, hardware, sorter and team member concerns and/or policy violations to a Supervisor or any other member of the leadership team. Assume main contact role on the floor in any given department while continuing to conduct general warehouse worker duties. Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed to operate equipment in the DC. What are the professional requirements for a Best Buy Team Coordinator? Basic Qualifications: Previous Experience in a Supply Chain, Retail or related industry Preferred Qualifications: 6 months previous Distribution experience What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Head of People: The Role Exemplifying passion, innovation, rigorous execution, and all things people- centered at Cityblock, the Head of People will be joining our leadership team at a critical point in the company’s growth. With a laser focus on hiring, engaging and investing in our people, this person will be charged with tying talent strategy to long term business goals and crafting a human capital infrastructure that positions the organization for tremendous growth while scaling up an exceptional culture.. The Head of People will be leading all people-related functions of Cityblock, including talent acquisition, employee engagement, learning and development, people operations, compensation and benefits, and employer brand. Success will be measured through a highly engaged and activated Cityblock team, deeply cemented cultural values, and scaled development, training, and operations. You’ll drive a thoughtful talent recruitment and retention plan across the country, leading the company through a period of significant growth. You will ensure our diverse and inclusive team continues to reflect the diversity of the communities we serve at every level and across every function. And you will be a thought partner to the executive team as well as a recognized and impactful operations leader throughout the company, acting as the catalyst for weaving both explicit and implicit culture formation throughout all people related systems. You will: Lead and grow the entire People function, consisting of talent, people operations, engagement, org design, L&D;, and comp and benefits functions. Build team-level capabilities around traditional HR processes and organizational employment policies that enable successful operations Ensure that Cityblock’s mission and culture serves as the foundation for all People systems and infrastructure Ensure that Cityblock delivers on its promise of being the trend-setter of ensuring diversity, equity, and inclusion among high-growth start-ups. Talent Acquisition: Build a best-in-class team Design the ongoing talent strategy and employer brand that consistently attracts top talent across diverse roles and geographies. Implement a flexible and rapidly scalable infrastructure that can ramp up and down to support high growth. Manage recruiting operations on behalf of Cityblock using approaches that reinforce our mission, culture and diversity goals. People Operations: Drive systems to effectively build and scale the People Operations function, designing these capabilities with holistic services, training, and support in mind Employee Engagement: Own end-to-end employee engagement in close partnership with the CEO and COO. Translate Cityblock’s mission and culture into tangible processes to support employee engagement and strategic efficiency from a people perspective, and build scalable infrastructure to ensure a high-performance operating model that evangelizes a constructive “culture of feedback.” Ensure each team member feels heard, valued, and appreciated with clear structure, tools and process for 360 degree communication. Ensure that the Cityblock culture and mission translates to each and every Cityblock entity and market. You are responsible for building and facilitating the culture-building process in our headquarters, and in each Neighborhood Hub. Performance Management Capability: Serve as the executive owner for Cityblock’s internal performance management strategy, processes, and tools. Expand and evolve Cityblock’s performance management program, rooted in mechanisms that given timely, relevant and constructive feedback across all levels of the organization Continuously evolve and reinforce Cityblock’s performance management capability to meet future needs as the organization rapidly grows. Organizational Design: Partner with executive leaders to purposefully create structure and ensure org-wide people clarity, including maturing and formalizing positions, driving management structures to ensure measurable operational accountability, and ongoing iterations of organizational design. L&D; and Advancement: Build learning and development programming for all types and employees across the organization Build end-to-end human capital growth strategy, including training, advancement, and ongoing professional development functions Build best-in-class onboarding programs Develop the middle layer of management: elevating employees who have proven themselves as key players and empowering them to support future growth Comp and Benefits: Continue building thoughtful total compensation strategy for all employees; ensure that the compensation strategy promotes equality and is fiercely aligned with market and mission You’d be a good fit if: You have 10+ years of People/HR/Talent work experience OR you have strong general management capabilities with a demonstrated inclination towards growing and tuning high caliber teams. You have off-the-charts EQ. You can manage the inevitable ups and downs of both company-wide cycles, and person-level performance trajectories, serving both as a trusted resource, recourse, and voice in any process. And you know when someone just needs to talk, even outside a formal process. You have experience in multi-site services organizations; healthcare specific experience preferred You have a track record of success operating a highly complex business through a period of rapid scale and/or extreme transformation You have proven success in a startup environment: rigorous, energetic, agile, and flexible. And you enjoyed it...tough times and all. You have experience leading an organization with both exempt and non-exempt employees; demonstrated ability to develop and scale a bifurcated workforce You demonstrate strong capabilities in giving candid feedback, and promoting open communication and flexibility in an often ambiguous, extremely high growth environment You are an exceptional leader; you possess strong communication skills; have a natural ability to identify and resolve employee relations issues, and work to continually improve internal team dynamics. You have charisma and an executive-level presence with the ability to establish strong relationships at all levels of the organization; exceptionally skilled at influencing key decision-makers You’re deeply compelled to build a exceptional, progressive people function, and have the communication skills to convey your vision both to current employees and prospective talent. Nice to have: People leadership role in high-growth healthcare or tech-enabled services start-up. You’ve done A- >Z, been the first people person in a start-up and have gone on to build a huge team. Experience in deploying a modern People technology stack. Deep skills in learning and development, including formalized curriculum development. Have worked in a modern, blue-chip technology company with a highly respected people and culture capability (e.g., Apple, Facebook, Google, Netflix, Stripe, or Twitter) in a people or business operations role. You should include these in your application: A resume and/or LinkedIn profile. A 1-2 paragraph summary of what a high-performing people function in an organization like Cityblock looks like to you. A 1-2 paragraph response indicating why this job is compelling to you and your proposed approach to achieve a high-performing people function.
SYEP Service Learning Facilitator: Thirteen (13) positions will available from June 18 – August 17, 2018. The Service Learning Facilitators report to the Directors of WEC as well as work closely with the Educational Facilitator and the Curriculum Development Specialist in the design, development, oversight and implementation of the SYEP Service Learning Program. Performance Responsibilities: Oversee the Service Learning instructional classroom program which they are assigned Oversee the collection of participants’ service learning data Plan and implement service learning/youth development curriculum Maintain files and necessary documentation of student service learning experiences Plan and execute filed trips related to the service learning curriculum. Comply with all requirements of the SYEP service learning program at LaGuardia Community College Conduct regular evaluation and assessment of service learning activities Assist in the development of reflection activities for program participants Guide students in the promotion of social change by providing a deep understanding of how individual actions contribute to the community Motivate students to produce a service project that reflects their service learning subject area Other Duties Compile and submit end of program data to Program Coordinator Prepare weekly reports for the Program Director Qualifications College Junior, Senior or Graduate with a major in Education, Human Services or Instructional Technology Passionate about service learning and community service and its potential to engage students in meaningful learning Well organized and have excellent written and oral communication skills Experience with databases and open to using web-based applications Knowledgeable about the Queens community and its needs Must be able to demonstrate a theoretical foundation in the principles and practices of leadership Strong organizational skills Ability to manage multiple priorities Willingness to work and communicate effectively with diverse populations and function as key team member. Ability to work with youth 14-15 years of age Ability to navigate the public transportation system A background check and fingerprinting are required prior to finalizing an offer of employment.
Policy Analyst, Government Funding Team: Policy Analyst, Government Funding Team Center for Employment Opportunities Who We Are The Center for Employment Opportunities (CEO) provides employment services to people with recent criminal convictions. Across the United States, over 5,000 people participate in CEO each year, transitioning to employment that supports themselves, their families, and their communities. What began as a demonstration project of the Vera Institute of Justice in the 1970s to address employment barriers facing the formerly incarcerated following release in New York City has grown into the leading reentry employment organization in the country, where over 25,000 formerly incarcerated individuals have secured full-time employment since 1996. Since 2009, CEO has gained support to expand its programs through government, nonprofit, and private organizations including the Federal Social Innovation Fund, the Edna McConnell Clark Foundation, Robin Hood Foundation, Tipping Point Community, Google.org, George Kaiser Family Foundation, James Irvine Foundation and Rockefeller Foundation. In 2016, CEO embarked on a 5-year strategic plan to grow to serve 9,000 participants annually. The Opportunity We’ve recently received funding to pilot a department dedicated to securing sustainable funding at the state-level for our work. In the past, we’ve pursued multiple funding streams from various local, state, and federal agencies, combining them to cover our operating costs. A successful state- level approach would allow us to more easily ramp up our offerings in existing cities and in turn enable us to offer larger-scale access to our model. To carry out this pilot, we’re building a team who will identify states for the pilot, develop a unified values proposition that outlines the benefits CEO could provide at a larger scale, the funding needed to achieve this, and the cost savings that would result for each state, and deliver the proposition to key individuals and agencies. We’re seeking a strong researcher and writer to serve as the Policy Analyst for this pilot who will research and develop key content based on findings to provide to identified individuals at the state level. This is a great opportunity for an individual interested in supporting a newly formed department in laying the groundwork for and securing state-level commitments that will enable CEO to deepen its impact on people and communities that have experienced cycles of incarceration and poverty. This position is currently funded for two years. Continuation of the position is dependent upon availability of future funding which we hope to be able to secure. Additional Responsibilities Identify relevant state budgets Research workforce and justice-related policies Develop fact sheets and policy briefs on potential strategies for increasing investment in re-entry employment services Identify and capture strong practices and state-led reentry employment initiatives that leverage state funding (e.g. justice reinvestment initiatives) Provide additional support that enables team to move projects forward in multiple states Who You Are You are deeply dedicated to social justice and come to CEO with 2-3 years of demonstrated experience in policy research and analysis and a desire to dig deep into the criminal justice and workforce development realms. You thrive best in fast-growing and results-oriented environments and enjoy taking initiative to secure the information needed to move your work forward. You’re a strong researcher and are skilled in quickly producing content based on your findings. You’re able to accurately and with quality convey and communicate your learnings to others, tailoring your approach to the needs of a specific audience. Your attention to detail allows you to juggle multiple projects at one time. You are comfortable with technology, including Google Suite and Salesforce. You’re eager to build your knowledge about local policy and how decisions are made in various states. Compensation and Benefits The salary range for this position is $50-65K, commensurate with demonstrated experience and abilities. We also offer a comprehensive benefits package, including medical and dental coverage, paid parental leave, participation in a retirement plan, sick and vacation leave, paid holidays and more. We're a workplace that promotes continual learning and teamwork, offering lunch and learns, team outings, holiday gatherings and more for our staff. Note: Applications without a cover letter will not be considered. More About Us We welcome diversity and highly encourage applications from people of color and people with convictions. We are an equal employment opportunity for all regardless of race, color, citizenship, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran or reservist status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.
 Human Resources - 2019 Emerging Leaders Program - Fulltime Associate: Human Resources - 2019 Emerging Leaders Program - Fulltime Associate - 24405 Human Resources - USA Offsite, Offsite Jumpstart Your Career with Nielsen’s Emerging Leaders Program in the Human Resources Track! Today, there were over 500 million Tweets, over 85% of U.S. Consumers used their mobile device while watching TV, and within the next four years, women will control $28 Trillion in annual consumer spending. At Nielsen, you will help analyze and understand what all this means to our consumers, and how it truly influences and drives consumer behavior in what people watch and what people buy. At Nielsen, we invest in you. Nielsen’s Emerging Leaders Program offers a powerful and unique experience for top undergraduates interested in a leadership career with the world’s leading provider of global marketing information, consumer insights, and business media. The Emerging Leaders Program (ELP) is a challenging 24-month rotational program designed to develop leaders who will position Nielsen for growth while at the same time investing heavily in your growth holistically to set you up for success. Associates in the Human Resources track will work with Nielsen businesses to help us attract, engage and develop the talent we need to grow and help our clients compete more effectively. Rotation Overview As you move through this program, you will assume roles of increasing responsibility that focus on building vital Human Resources and business skills. First Rotation (6 months): This rotation will allow you to dig deep into one of our Human Resources Center of Excellences (CoE). This will be your first of two rotations through a specialty area such as Talent Engagement & Development, Talent Acquisition, Compensation and Benefits, or People Analytics. Second Rotation (6 months): The purpose of this rotation is to ensure that you build a solid foundation in Human Resources and begin to explore and understand the depth and breadth of the Nielsen business through the role of an HR Business Partner. In this role, you will support one of our Nielsen businesses, working as an internal consultant with the leadership of the business to ensure we are attracting, engaging, investing in, and retaining our top talent. Third Rotation (6 months): This will be a unique opportunity to gain insight into one of the Nielsen client organizations and processes. These “line” rotations may be within a team dedicated to a client or product. The objective is for you to experience and learn Nielsen’s business first-hand and understand how we work with the most significant consumer packaged goods and media companies in the world. Fourth Rotation (6 months): You will get an unparalleled opportunity to build global perspective by contributing in an overseas assignment in one of Nielsen’s fastest growing markets. Relocation will be necessary for fourth rotation assignments. You will impact the business using all of your experience and training to deliver business results. These assignments may involve an HR specialty such as: Compensation, Organization and Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition, or People Analytics. The selection and location of this rotation is developed collaboratively with the business sponsors. In addition, Emerging Leader Associates will be provided with: Training & Development – You will receive intensive, focused training during the program in leadership, Human Resources, professional development, and business knowledge. You will have the opportunity to interact directly with our global business leaders to build your knowledge of Nielsen and further develop your leadership and business acumen. Mentoring & Networking – You will be paired with an executive from our Global Human Resources Leadership Team who will provide direction with assignments, career planning and post-program placement. They will provide ongoing feedback with structured development goals to help you build your skills. You will have a variety of opportunities to network with senior leaders and colleagues during training sessions, small group discussions and town hall meetings. The network associates are able to build during this time is often cited as a top benefit. Selection Criteria: Graduation within the last two years with a Bachelors degree in a Human Resources-related discipline or something similar and relevant Strong track record of academic achievement (minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA) Significant leadership role in collegiate extracurricular activities Enthusiasm and flexibility to geographically relocate during and after the Emerging Leaders Program; willingness and ability to travel extensively Strong interpersonal, written and communication skills Excellent organizational and leadership skills Intellectual curiosity, flexibility and creativity Willingness to commit to a multi-year career with Nielsen after completion of the program Permanent work authorization in the U.S. Relevant Majors: Human Resources, Industrial and/or Labor Relations, Business, Communications / Communication Studies, Organizational Leadership and Supervision, Learning and Organizational Change, Organization Behavior / Organization Development, Management and Leadership, Psychology To be considered for the Emerging Leaders Program Human Resources track, please submit your resume and cover letter which should include reasons why you are interested in the program. Visit http://nielsen.com/oncampus for more information! EOE/AA/M/F/D/V About Nielsen: Nielsen N.V. (NYSE: NLSN) is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers Watch and Buy. Nielsen’s Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services across all devices where content — video, audio, and text — is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry’s only global view of retail performance measurement. By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients with both world-class measurement as well as analytics that help improve performance. Nielsen, an S &P; 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries that cover more than 90 percent of the world’s population. For more information, visit www.nielsen.com _Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class._ Job Type: Recent Graduate Job Primary Location : Offsite,Offsite Secondary Locations: , , , Travel: Yes, 5% of the Time
 Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Assessment Analyst for Teaching and Learning: New York, New York About Avenues Begin by thinking Avenues New York, Avenues São Paulo, Avenues Shenzhen, Avenues Silicon Valley, Avenues London. Think of Avenues as one international school with multiple interconnected campuses. It will not be a collection different schools all pursuing different educational strategies, but rather one highly integrated learning community, connected and supported by a common vision, a shared education design and curriculum, world-class technology and a talented headquarters team in New York City. Avenues New York launched in 2011 and currently serves 1,550 students in grades Nursery – 12. Our second campus in São Paulo will open in August 2018. Avenues prepares students for engaged global citizenship in the twenty-first century, with an approach that combines language immersion, interdisciplinary teaching, a global curriculum, and a culture of creativity and deep collaboration. The Opportunity The Assessment Analyst for Teaching and Learning oversees the data capture, analysis and coaching derived from data to help drive improvements in student learning outcomes. This person will own monitoring student progress and interventions necessary to improve student learning outcomes. This is an ideal role for someone understands how to find patterns in data, connects learning gaps with specific interventions, and derives great joy coaching teachers and leaders to use insights gained from a variety of data sources more effectively. Responsibilities The Assessment Analyst for Teaching and Learning responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following: Determine how best to use the data we have at hand to answer the question, “What decisions do we need to make in order to improve student learning?” Drives data driven outcomes based on a coaching culture Successfully coaches Successfully coaches Associate Division Heads and Student Support Team to hold conversations with teams that incorporate the use of student learning performance as a driver for instruction and interventions. Drives improvement in student learning outcomes particularly in areas of greatest student need Establishes clear communication about performance of students as it relates to progress and intended learning outcomes for campus leadership team, division leadership team and SST teams Work in collaboration with others to Identify meaningful assessments that reflect important learning outcomes Helps drive common language around student performance and outcomes across the division (ex: all English teachers are normed when discussing student work) Maintains high standard of integrity and professional conduct (e.g., meets deadlines, follows school procedures, ensures students and faculty needs are met in a timely and efficient manner Qualifications 8 years of teaching experience with consistently strong student performance results Working knowledge and experience working with a variety of assessments for grades 6-12 Experience using data to drive interventions, instruction and student outcomes Experience leading adults Proven track record supporting senior staff, effectively managing their time and enabling them to achieve their goals Flexibility; rolls up sleeves to get the job done and gets the right work done even amidst ambiguity High degree of detail-orientation, personal organization and commitment to quality Strong written and verbal communication Thrives in collaborative environment Sense of deep personal responsibility for the organization's success Passion for education Bilingual in Spanish or Mandarin a plus Apply Now To learn more and apply, visit http://www.avenues.org/en/careers/ ( http://www.avenues.org/en/careers/ ) Avenues offers competitive compensation and a generous benefits package. Avenues is committed to diversity among our staff, and applicants of diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
 National Screening Intern: iMentor builds mentoring relationships that empower students in low-income communities to graduate high school, succeed in college, and achieve their ambitions. Students work with their mentors one-on-one, in-person and online, to develop strong personal relationships, nurture a college aspiration, navigate the college application process, and build critical skills that lead to college success. In New York City, iMentor partners with public schools to ensure every student in the schools receives a mentor. iMentor also provides its curriculum, technology, and best practices to help nonprofits run effective programs in the iMentor model. Since 1999, iMentor has connected 13,000 students with mentors. This year, iMentor is serving 3,500 mentor- mentee pairs in New York City and 2,150 more nationwide. iMentor has been recognized through funding by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Lumina Foundation, the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation, and the Robin Hood Foundation, and is a subgrantee of the federal Social Innovation Fund. iMentor is one of the nation’s most innovative and quickly growing mentoring organizations. As a team, we are mission-focused, results-oriented, passionate and fun, and were named one of the Best Nonprofits to Work For by Opportunity Knocks and The Nonprofit Times. Responsibilities The National Screening Team is committed to making this internship a valuable learning experience. To that end we will work closely with the Screening Intern and provide the support s/he will need to fulfill the responsibilities outlined below. The Intern’s main responsibilities include: Mentor Orientation Support Inputting data on days after orientation events Contacting applicants via phone who are missing materials Scheduling and conducting mentor interviews Background and Candidate Screening Support Inputting data for candidate background checks Conducting candidate reference phone calls Reading and approving e-reference forms Data Entry and Systems Management Sync applicant information across databases to ensure data fidelity, consistency, and streamline access Update communication templates and documents Take minutes and action items at team & regional meetings Learn data sorting in Microsoft Excel and become a power user of Salesforce.com Special Projects Create and/or manage 1-2 projects and programs in volunteer screening. The internship will start in August and will last for approximately 7 weeks. Interns work about 20 hours per week and are compensated at $15/hour. Qualifications Prior office experience a must; customer service experience preferred A professional demeanor with the ability build rapport quickly with professionals of all levels Able to lead projects with minimal oversight and balance multiple competing deadlines Strong organizational and professional skills, including attention to detail and time management Interest in networking and learning about other departments within the organization to become more holistically knowledgeable about iMentor’s mission and work Be inquisitive, creative, flexible and confident Be a team player, willing and able to pitch in and help wherever help is needed Ability to demonstrate a high level of tact, discretion and diplomacy while dealing with confidential and sensitive information Resourceful, entrepreneurial, results oriented, team-player with a positive “can do” attitude and a sense of humor A sincere interest in developing professionally; open to change, learning, and improvement A sincere and deep commitment to the fundamental belief that every child deserves a college education and that college closes the opportunity gap Currently enrolled an undergraduate degree program
 HBO Director, Research: OVERALL SUMMARY: The television landscape is changing at an increasing pace, as digital technology disrupts distribution, business models, programming forms and consumer behavior. Enabled by digital set-top boxes, the MSOs and MVPDs are becoming more data and insights driven in their valuation of content, their bundles and packaging, their marketing and their subscriber acquisition and retention. OTT players (e.g., Netflix) have a plethora of data and use it to inform and optimize every aspect of their business, with rigorous experimentation capabilities. Never before have consumers had such choice of what, where, when and how to watch programming. HBO is the leading premium TV provider. To remain competitive, it is essential that HBO maintains deep competence in the areas of research and analytics. Research and analytics will inform marketing strategy and execution, program and scheduling strategy, product performance (design and content optimization) and customer experience management. This is a key position that requires a person capable of directing the development and execution of primary research efforts that deliver focused, actionable and timely insights that create a competitive advantage for HBO’s global business. They will be expected to synthesize learnings across sources (custom and syndicated research) that will enable informed decision-making and help achieve and measure success against strategic and operational business goals. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Direct and oversee qualitative and quantitative research. These efforts may include but are not limited to areas such as pricing, customer experience, marketing/promotion, feature development, concept/program testing, consumer profiling (services, devices, behaviors, needs), and market profiling (service and device penetrations, current offers, new entrants). While the focus is domestic (US), exploring global opportunities and/or understanding the impact of global expansion/application is expected to be a growing responsibility. Consult with senior management and key stakeholders across other Research and client groups to determine business priorities and objectives. Key client groups include Digital Products, Distribution, Consumer Marketing, Program Planning and Strategic Finance. Identify cross-departmental opportunities for developing and sharing research (including partnering with other areas of Research), with the intent of creating innovative approaches to drive cost efficiency and generate new insights that provide competitive advantage and inform strategic and tactical objectives. Write requests for proposals, including determination of appropriate research methodologies and budget allocation, data collection methods, sampling, sourcing and selection of suppliers. Handle day-to-day oversight of the research process, including project-related information and specifications to suppliers and regular communication with stakeholders to provide progress updates and to anticipate any future issues/needs. Analyze research results, create and refine reports and give presentations to appropriate stakeholders and their teams. Contribute to departmental goal-setting and elevating the role of the department within the company. REQUIREMENTS: A minimum of 10 years’ experience across broad research areas, including product research (in particular digital platforms and/or applications), pricing, brand, positioning, customer/user experience, consumer profiling, market assessment and program/content research Ability to travel as needed for research efforts, as well as occasional trips to the LA and Seattle offices Experience in one or more of the following environments: research supplier, cable/satellite/telco, mobile, media, entertainment or interactive businesses focused on the consumer universe Advanced knowledge of a broad range of quantitative research and analytic methodologies/best practices, with specific expertise in approaches like choice modeling and segmentation Knowledge of a broad range of qualitative research methodologies and best practices (in-person, online) The ability to piece together disparate multiple data-sets and perspectives to create cohesive and compelling narratives that inform key business strategies and decisions Excellent verbal and written story-telling and communication skill, in order to effectively relate complex and sometimes controversial insights at all levels of the organization Ability to handle multiple research projects simultaneously and effectively manage competing priorities Strong organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills, with an open approach to solving complex, multidimensional challenges. Excellent interpersonal and staff/client/supplier management skills, including the ability to oversee complex stakeholder groups with often diverse objectives and perspectives Ability to work effectively and efficiently in a matrixed (cross-functional) team-oriented environment and manage resources contributing to broader initiatives. An intrinsic curiosity and inquisitiveness about markets, consumers, behaviors and other video entertainment-related businesses Solid computer skills including Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel
Deep Learning Solution Architect: We are looking for a Deep Learning Solution Architect NVIDIA is searching for an extraordinary Solution Architect with AI experience. Your primary responsibilities will be to lead Artificial Intelligence, and Deep Learning technical engagements with customers in the Eastern US Region. You will be working cross functionally with our organizations, as well as ensuring a positive experience integrating NVIDIA products into customer workflows. You should be comfortable working in a dynamic environment, and have experience working with NVIDIA Deep Learning software and systems. You will use your software development skills to introduce automation, build robust artificial intelligence systems, and put together custom solutions quickly for short-term requirements. Your ability to work independently is important, and you will rely upon your excellent communication skills during consulting engagements. We expect you to work closely with the entire customer team, including sales and program management, as well as applications engineering. What you'll be doing: First and primary point of technical support for our hardware and software products provided to customer. Shepherd critical customer issues and provide timely advance warning of critical issues that need attention. Technical authority on all NVIDIA products, directly supporting Sales Account Managers, and working closely with the team to secure design wins. Establish close personal technical ties to the customer account, establishing personal relationships to facilitate rapid resolution of issues, and promote the highest levels of customer satisfaction. What we need to see: 3 years of experience in a high tech electronics industry in a design role or technical customer support role BS in EE, CS, Math, or Physics or equivalent work experience Comfortable in a hands-on lab environment In-depth knowledge of computer systems architecture beneficial Familiarity with at least one of C, C++, or Python HPC systems experience Ways to stand out from the crowd: GPU development experience Deep Learning and/or AI experience Cloud development/deployment experience In-depth software development or data science experience Advanced degree NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
 Program Officer, Survival: Robin Hood is seeking a program officer to join the Survival portfolio. Program officers oversee Robin Hood’s current grants, serve as a resource and thought partner for our community partners, and operate as a catalyst for identifying potential new investment opportunities. Program officers also articulate a clear and persuasive rationale for funding new and ongoing programs. This is accomplished by thoroughly understanding the landscape, the need and the evidence on what works, while also conducting comprehensive reviews of performance data and nonprofit organizational health. Responsibilities: Managing a portfolio of approximately 15 current grants (65 percent of time): Monitoring grantee performance through analysis of outcomes data, site visits, and independent assessment of progress or setbacks in management and financial reports. Identifying, establishing and refining methods for quantifying the impact of an organization’s services with reference to current research studies and findings. Working with Robin Hood management assistance staff to ascertain community partners’ strengths and weaknesses, especially in governance, infrastructure and technical areas. Building relationships of trust and mutual respect with nonprofit leaders to support them in delivering on their mission. Exploring, identifying and supporting new approaches to lifting New Yorkers out of poverty (20 percent of time): Identifying the most pressing needs for the communities served by the Survival portfolio and exploring interconnections with partners and needs addressed in other portfolios at Robin Hood. Identifying the most innovative or effective interventions and organizations in the field. Rigorously evaluating potential investments based on Robin Hood’s disciplined methodology for judging potential performance and organizational strength Developing a clear articulation of the strengths and weaknesses of a potential grant and capturing them in write-ups and presentations delivered to program staff and board committees. Representing Robin Hood at external forums and conferences and acting as liaison to other philanthropies and government agencies (5 percent of time). Supporting development and communications staff by providing program knowledge in support of Robin Hood organizational efforts (10 percent of time). Qualifications B.A. and four years of experience required. Master’s degree preferred, but other experience considered. Personal or professional experience with low-income communities and N.Y.C. strongly preferred. Deep empathy for the immense challenges and setbacks in poverty-fighting and social services work. Skilled at analyzing data, drawing nuanced findings and asking questions to refine conclusions. Able to identify assumptions, make forecasts and make decisions, if required, with limited information. Able to speak and write clearly, especially under time pressure. Excellent organizational, planning and time-management skills. Capacity to multi-task and assume new or additional work quickly and graciously. Welcomes feedback and is committed to learning and growing. Able to work collaboratively across the organization and acknowledge achievements of others. Robin Hood Values Our core values ground the work that we do in all areas of our organization. If these principles appeal to you, we invite you to apply. Robin Hood puts people first. _Always._ Robin Hood is unafraid to take action and create solutions. Robin Hood is data driven and heart led. Robin Hood works the coat check. Salary and Benefits Salary is competitive and commensurate with experience. Robin Hood has excellent benefits and encourages strong work-life balance. To Apply Please complete our online application. _Robin Hood is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants from diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply._
Social Media Analyst: Develop and implement paid social strategies to drive subscriber acquisition, conversion & efficiency Successfully apply paid social strategy and manage within social channels (i.e. Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.) Oversee strategy, campaign structure, paid media optimizations, and ad content (including strategic recommendations on creative content and messaging) Optimize budget across platforms and tactics to deliver positive return on marketing spend Track, monitor, and optimize performance against key KPIs Research, develop, and test new audience segments (i.e. retargeting, lookalikes, custom audiences, etc.) Support ongoing creative and landing page experimentation and testing Recommend new paid social and potential influencer strategies Develop and implement QA process Excellent strategic planning skills with the ability to identify, prioritize, and articulate high impact paid social campaigns and initiatives Comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic working environment, supporting new products/businesses supported by a proven large-scale media property 3+ years paid social advertising experience Deep knowledge of & mastery of social platforms (Facebook Blueprint, Twitter Flight School, etc.) Experience with 3rd party campaign management platforms (i.e. 4C, Nanigan’s, etc.) Must have experience with direct response campaigns Ability to partner with analytics team to use real-time data, testing, and campaigns learnings to effectively optimize and manage campaigns Flexibility & ability to work in a fast paced and dynamic environment A strong communicator with a can-do, positive attitude and a strong desire to get things done Sense of humor and desire to have fun! At Disney, we‘re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. We do this through utilizing and developing cutting-edge technology and pushing the envelope to bring stories to life through our movies, products, interactive games, parks and resorts, and media networks. Now is your chance to join our talented team that delivers unparalleled creative content to audiences around the world. BAMTECH Media, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, is a global leader in delivering direct-to-consumer live and on demand video at scale. Residing within Disney’s newly created Disney Streaming Services business unit, BAMTECH provides technology solutions for third-party clients to create custom over-the-top video experiences. The Customer Acquisition team is tasked with driving new subscriber growth. The team is responsible for the planning, execution and optimization of user acquisition and performance marketing campaigns. The ideal candidate has a passion for the digital media landscape and understands the intricacies and unique attributes of every step in the marketing funnel. The successful candidate will bring a highly analytical, creative, and flexible growth mindset to the role, which will be critical to delivering breakthrough thinking for this channel. 578788
New York State Project Fellow: New York State Project Fellow Apply Now Special Programs Start Date: Aug 10, 2018 Salary: Commensurate with experience Open only to internal candidates until Aug 16, 2018 Position Vacancy - New York State Project Fellow PREPARED TO TEACH: Sustainable Funding for Quality Teacher Preparation Bank Street College Bank Street College of Education is seeking a New York State Project Fellow for an exciting new initiative to make quality teacher preparation financially sustainable by securing dedicated public funding and supporting pilot initiatives to demonstrate the potential to scale clinically-rich teacher preparation. The project is ambitious, with a goal of facilitating a national shift towards quality teacher preparation, including funding for year-long teacher residencies, within 5-7 years. PREPARED TO TEACH has secured funding that will enable us to support and advance the efforts of New York State’s teacher educators who are striving to make high quality, funded teacher residencies the new normal for teacher preparation. Through deep engagement with 4 early innovators from diverse contexts across the state, and multiple opportunities to support additional partnerships, the PREPARED TO TEACH – NY Learning Network will set the vision and demonstrate - from the ground up – what it can look like in New York when all new teachers are PREPARED TO TEACH. The Project Fellow will provide critical supports for research, writing, communication, and logistics across the PREPARED TO TEACH – NY Learning Network as well as the larger project as necessary. Applicants should exhibit a combination of personal attributes, including flexibility, persistence, entrepreneurialism, and a focus on possibilities. Understanding issues in teacher preparation, research methodology, and/or public policy will be important criteria in the selection process. Cover letters should address these domains. The position will provide opportunities for early career skill-building and leadership development in the domains of research, communication and project management. The nature of the work will afford exceptional opportunities for research and learning including a book application affording an early career writing and publication opportunity. This position would require roughly 15 hours/week at the rate of $22/hour. We expect the position to be funded through the Spring Semester of 2020 contingent on the project securing additional funding. Responsibilities: Support the project team in case study development across PREPARED TO TEACH – NY Learning Network project sites, including conducting interviews and observations, and analysis Conduct literature reviews and assist in the design and implementation of research documenting the case for sustainably funding quality teacher preparation Coordinate document collection, scheduling, and resource organization/synthesis Support the writing and editing of written reports and presentation materials Maintaining systems for collecting & organizing resources, team management, and outreach Provide logistical and project management support for the team, including responsibility for a contact management system Perform related duties as assigned Qualification Requirements: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with significant coursework in education, policy, or a closely related field; preferred enrolled in Doctoral study Experience working in teacher preparation or a related field Ability to multi-task, comfortably switch gears, and prioritize workload independently Ability to travel to conduct case study research several times a year Strong verbal and written communication skills, as well as the ability to work effectively as part of a team and with personnel at all levels of the organization and external stakeholders Strong organizational skills Advanced skills using MS Excel, PowerPoint and Word Experience with a contact management data system such as Salesforce a plus Bank Street College of Education is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, national origin, ethnic origin, citizenship status, disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law in its employment policies and other college administered programs. In addition, Bank Street College of Education will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Bank Street has been recognized as a leader in education, and strives to have its faculty and student body reflect the diversity of the society in which they exist. Candidates from underrepresented groups are encouraged to apply.
DDC Warehouse Clerical Aide: Hourly rates start at $15.50/hour What does a Best Buy DDC Warehouse Clerical Aide do? To process records, enter data and prepare reports for the receiving, order processing, shipping and inventory control areas of the Delivery Distribution Center. The Warehouse Clerical Support role is typically assigned to specific areas within the Delivery Distribution Center, i.e. Receiving, Home Delivery and Installation Support, and Shipping. Therefore, the job may entail one or more of the following duties and responsibilities. The time spent on the duties varies based on the area in which the duties are performed. Essential Functions Enters, corrects and verifies data on the computer. Uses spreadsheet and WMS computer programs to enter bills of lading, transfer, manifest, receiving and inventory information. Verifies and corrects data as appropriate. Completes Delivery Distribution Center reports (i.e. control logs, shipping logs, quality audits, cube reports, seal logs, daily receiving data log, etc.) Receives information from warehouse workers, truck drivers and computer generated reports. Categorizes data and summarizes onto departmental forms. Distributes reports to appropriate personnel. Processes Delivery Distribution Center paperwork. Receives copies of freight claims from warehouse workers, verifies information against shipping documents, files copies and routes to relevant departments. Completes expediter assistance requests by researching problems with purchase orders, determining and indicating source of problem and routing completed request to warehouse workers. Processes orders by getting labels, recording information on batch control log and summarizing data. Verifies and processes stock transfers. Creates daily check-in receiving documents for receiving dock workers. Non-Essential Functions Establishes and maintains filing systems. Files bill of ladings, manifests, transfers and receiving data according to date and store location. Performs other duties as apparent or assigned. What are the professional qualifications of a Best Buy DDC Warehouse Clerical Aide? Basic Qualification: 6 months of clerk, administrative and/or receptionist experience Preferred Qualification: High School Diploma/GED Microsoft Office suite experience (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Junior Producer Trainee: Description We’re looking for four applicants to join the inaugural class of labcamp, a three-year paid program where we’ll mentor the next generation of producers. Producers at thelab own client relationships and projects from start to finish. This program will train you in the variety of skills required for the role, such as project management, client services, and more. From print, digital, and video to creative and web development, you’ll become well-versed in all our departments and disciplines, helping to unite our diverse staff, represent our company, and execute world-class work. Successful applicants will be hard-working, driven people with a positive attitude who are looking to break into the industry. Salary Salary milestones are transparent and the same for all participants, so you’ll know what you’ll be making each year of the program. Details will be provided upon invitation to the interview process. Objective This program will immerse you in all of thelab’s departments and capabilities, providing you with a comprehensive understanding of how a creative production agency functions. The first year of the program will expose you to a wide variety of clients, mediums, and workflows. After year one, we’ll begin to transition you into the department or account that you’ve shown strength in. How it Works You and three peers will start this hands-on entry-level development program at the same time. A 3-year commitment is required. During your first year, you’ll spend three months with each of the four main departments of our agency. At the end of each period, there will be formal reviews and feedback sessions with the project sponsors. At the end of each period, you’ll present your learnings with your peers and the program leads. After year one, you’ll be assigned to a single department or account, based on what you’ve shown a propensity toward and the company’s needs. You’ll Be/Have An interest in advertising, project management, developing client relationships, and all things digital Organized with excellent attention to detail Strong communication skills, including written, verbal, and an empathetic disposition A team player who is also willing to go above and beyond when necessary Excited by new challenges and opportunities to learn Interested in learning and mastering new software Take ownership of your work and always strive to improve A self starter who isn’t afraid to research a problem yourself and ask questions A recent college grad or someone who is looking for a career change Ego free Cover letter explaining your interest in the role. We want to understand who you are and why your personality will be a good fit for the company. About thelab We’re an agency of makers with deep expertise in solving creative, production and technology challenges. Our focus is on making better work to help brands work better, and our production roots ensure that every great idea gets delivered right. From branding & design, photoshoots and video production, ecommerce builds or anything in between, thelab mixes inspiration and hard work to produce results that mean business. Oh, and we host a mean barbecue too.
 SWAT Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist ensures inventory integrity in the store through a variety of inventory adjustments and data collection tools. The SWAT Specialist consistently and accurately completes and communicates stock count. They identify, determine and communicate high shrink categories. After identifying the root cause of replenishment issues, they follow up with leadership until the problem is resolved. Job responsibilities include: Executing the inventory integrity process from end to end completing inventory daily tasks as assigned communicating and coaching store employees and leadership on the importance of inventory integrity and any process gaps that were identified Other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Senior Director - Global Learning: Senior Director – Global Learning At Weight Watchers, we inspire healthy habits for real life. We meet our members where they are and leverage the latest nutritional and behavioral science to help them eat healthier, move more, and shift their mindset. We are a purpose-driven organization and we understand how to create community and deliver personalized services to help our members throughout every step of their journey. We have more than 50 years of history and trust to build on, and we are leveraging technology, community, and behavior science to help more people around the world reach their goals. Our approach is science-based and evidence proven to help people lose weight and develop healthy habits to live life fully. If being part of a purpose-driven, member-focused, high-performing digital culture sounds exciting to you; we invite you to explore Weight Watchers and our open positions _Summary_ The Senior Director-Global Learning is the principal architect responsible for the framework vision, mission, implementation and evaluation of global learning programs needed to support the execution of the business strategy during a period of unprecedented growth and innovation. _Key Responsibilities_ Strategically define the direction of global learning across functions, informed by a deep understanding of the current state of learning programs and relevant best in class practices being implemented in the marketplace from core curriculum to discipline and regional-specific programs. Create a global learning curriculum from onboarding to maintenance and growth for our WW coaches to lead effective WW studio (meeting) facilitated sessions Design and lead the learning vision, roadmap and content development process including intake, design process, prioritization, capacity planning and post mortem reviews. Evaluate existing programs for impact and alignment with functional needs. Provide recommendations for learning experiences that increase reach, impact, and future capability requirements. Lead the development, implementation, and management of the L &D; quality review standards. Create a global learning curriculum for all global corporate staff and corporate People Leadership at WW in partnership with Director, OD to ensure a globally consistent, robust set of courses derived from consistent employee competencies (our Impact Behaviors) and WW leadership behaviors Partners with key stakeholders in our global functions (e.g. Brand, Product, Science) to ensure a current understanding of the businesses' strategy and plans for execution Build a strong team with a focus on continual improvement and empowerment of learners globally. Connects the learning needs into a globally integrated learning strategy in order to identify synergies and common programs, as well as incorporate regional feedback and leverage the global network Conducts internal & external best practices and brings external thought and leadership to keep the delivery team's practices cutting edge _Qualifications and Experience_ Bachelor’s Degree required; preferred Master’s Degree in Human Resources or related field. Minimum 15 years of progressive experience in learning & development functions including in-person training, virtual training and facilitation roles. Instructional design experience and knowledge set to help guide the design team to execute against business priorities Senior level expertise across a variety of instructional methods and training techniques including curriculum design principles, adult learning theory, and blended learning strategies. Previous management experience supervising a high performing, global team. Experience working cross-culturally with diverse colleagues in a global environment. Previous experience serving as a consultant/advisor in analyzing client needs; setting and managing expectations and influencing decisions. Experience setting global curriculum and incorporating regional differences with an 80% similar across, mentality Excellent ability to engage with people at all levels of an organization. Proven track record of communicating and processing complex and sensitive information in both verbal and written formats. Exceptional ability to prioritize and complete multiple complex projects simultaneously. Excellent coaching and mentoring skills. Ability to translate strategic goals into appropriate development programs that expertly balance the evolving priorities of the organization. Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Solid influencing, negotiation and facilitation skills with the ability to foster and maintain collaborative relationships with clients, peers, subordinates and other key stakeholders. Experience in group facilitation and team coaching with a track record of improving overall performance. Strong project management skills. Must have the ability to document and communicate project plans, monitor work in progress, and achieve project milestones/end results for others to understand. Strong business acumen, with the ability to credibly make a business case, by linking current and anticipated business challenges with learning and development solutions. We hire only the best people. Here are the benefits to being top-notch: The opportunity to work with some of the best innovators in the industry Generous healthcare coverage 401(K) with company match Paid Time Off Paid parental leave Tuition reimbursement Wellness allowance Profit Sharing Plus, the resources to locate services including child care, legal services, pet care and more Weight Watchers is an equal opportunity employer. Weight Watchers does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, creed, national origin, marital status, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Any offer of employment is contingent upon the satisfactory results of reference and background checks.
General Warehouse Worker: What does a Best Buy General Warehouse Worker do? As a General Warehouse Worker, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center through use of equipment in areas such as Receiving, Stocking, Shipping, Non-Con, Order Processing and Replenishment. Your responsibilities will include operating equipment in a safe manner, while making sure that you are maintaining a safe and clean working area and ensuring that our product is in perfect condition to sell to our customers. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a General Warehouse Worker but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Unload and process receipt of merchandise from inbound trucks Stocks merchandise that has been received into specific designated locations Process all orders by locating specified product and moving product to the loading dock Packs smaller products into larger containers for shipment to stores Loads merchandise onto trucks for shipment to company locations Maintains a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris. Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed for operating equipment in the RDC Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional requirements of a General Warehouse Worker? Basic Qualifications: Able to individually lift and maneuver 40 lbs frequently and repetitively (up to a maximum of 75 lbs; with or without reasonable accommodation) Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or Equivalent What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Vice President, Learning: To lead the Los Angeles Philharmonic’s local, national, and international Learning. Reporting to the Chief Operating Officer, the VP will bring pedagogical best practice and experience of working in community environments to develop and lead an innovative program that aligns with and supports the institution’s vision for young people, life-long learning and community impact. Current programs include: YOLA (local, national and international initiatives), youth concerts (school-day and family), invitational rehearsals, Composer Fellowship Program, pre- and post-concert talks, and ancillary festival events. Position Elements : Develop strategies for implementation and evaluation of the LAPA's educational mission in conjunction with the Music Director, CEO, Chief Operating Officer, Director of Artistic Planning, Senior Advisor, External Engagement, and the Education & Community Board Committee. Direct the preparations for and operation of all education programs including, but not limited to: programming, scheduling, contracting, coordinating with outside agencies and other departments, etc., including the proposed new YOLA center in Inglewood. Oversee the creation and preparation of support materials in writing and other media for all education constituents in LAPA education programs. Oversee relationships with LAPA’s education partners in YOLA (local, national & international) and build capacity in partner organizations when necessary. Assist the Development Department in major gift solicitations, identification of education-focused grants and the review of proposals and reports. Manage the engagement of LAPA’s Education & Community Board Committee with Senior Advisor, External Engagement. Act as a spokesperson for the Association’s learning initiatives both internally and externally, which includes developing and delivering public presentations to Staff, Volunteers, Board, Press, conference and workshop participants, etc. Work with Senior Advisor, External Engagement to connect and amplify the work of the entire Education Department, with an emphasis on YOLA and the YOLA center in Inglewood. Prepare and oversee the Learning Department budget. Coordinate with Marketing and Digital Departments to ensure appropriate public image and timely production of all education-related brochures, printed materials, and web/social media pieces. Other duties as needed. Minimum Requirements Bachelors degree required Advanced degree as appropriate, a plus At least 8-10 years of experience in the arts education field, music education and/or arts management Experience working with and supporting teaching artists Track record in developing meaningful community engagement work Deep knowledge and understanding of best practice in arts pedagogy and child development Significant experience working in and with communities, including addressing underserved population groups and those who experience inequity, and building community dialogue and participation Skilled in team and consensus building Ability to facilitate meetings with diverse stakeholders Interest in and knowledge of the El Sistema philosophy Skilled in inter-organizational collaborations Creative and strong leadership skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Familiarity with national educational issues, particularly in relation to the arts Ability to work with diverse personalities Knowledge of orchestral repertoire The Los Angeles Philharmonic Association will consider for employment qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the FCIHO.
 Deep Learning Research Engineer: nuTonomy aims to be the first company in the world to launch an autonomous taxi system, and we are building up an awesome team to make this goal a reality. We are developing the first-of-its-kind complete solution for providing point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles. This includes software for autonomous vehicles, smartphone-based ride hailing, fleet management, and teleoperation. The company's software has been tested extensively on public roads in the U.S. and Singapore. We offer a unique opportunity to work closely with experts from a wide array of backgrounds, to create ground-breaking technology with potential for huge impact. As a member of a fast-growing start-up, you will be able to make a large contribution to the final product. For more information about nuTonomy, visit: www.nutonomy.com We are looking for a Deep Learning Research Engineer that will focus on architecting, training and analyzing deep neural networks to extract rich semantic information from multiple sensor modalities, with the goal of using the learned models in real-time for a variety of tasks, including object detection, scene segmentation, tracking & fusion, sensorimotor learning for calibration and fault detection, and behavior prediction. We are looking for experts with either (or both) academic or industry backgrounds. In this role you would work closely with other researchers & engineers to build a fully-integrated autonomous driving stack. nuTonomy’s goal is to create provably safe and efficient vehicles, so we particularly value a rigorous statistical background and expertise regarding providing rigorous performance bounds. To support your work, you will be able to use a state-of-the-art scalable computing, simulation, and testing environment, as well as a vast database of well annotated data from nuTonomy’s fleet of autonomous vehicles. You will work together with an awesome group of motivated colleagues, both industry professionals as well as leading researchers from academia, who like to approach problems with both creativity and rigor, to push beyond the state of the art. Job responsibilities Design deep neural networks for the autonomous vehicle stack. Develop training and testing pipelines. Work with customers to define performances metrics and goals. Manage data mining & annotation. Core skills Ms. in Machine Learning, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or related field. Experience of architecting, training and analyzing CNNs for at least one of the following applications: Object detection, Image segmentation, Sensor fusion, Temporal fusion (tracking) Experience with PyTorch or other deep learning frameworks. Excellent analytical, communication, and writing skills. Experience developing software as part of a team. Fluency in Python. Desired skills Ph.D in computer science or similar field. Software development experience from industry. Experience in automotive or other real-time and embedded systems. GPU/CUDA programming skills. Proven track record of publications in relevant conferences (CVPR, ICML, NIPS, ICCV, ICLR…) Familiarity with C++, CUDA, Git, CMake, continuous integration tools and the agile development process.
 Deep Learning DevOps Engineer: nuTonomy aims to be the first company in the world to launch an autonomous taxi system, and we are building up an awesome team to make this goal a reality. We are developing the first-of-its-kind complete solution for providing point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles. This includes software for autonomous vehicles, smartphone-based ride hailing, fleet management, and teleoperation. The company's software has been tested extensively on public roads in the U.S. and Singapore. We offer a unique opportunity to work closely with experts from a wide array of backgrounds, to create ground-breaking technology with potential for huge impact. As a member of a fast-growing start-up, you will be able to make a large contribution to the final product. For more information about nuTonomy, visit: www.nutonomy.com. We are currently seeking a talented Deep Learning DevOps Engineer to help radically increase throughput & bandwidth for training deep nets. To support your work, you will be able to use a state-of-the-art scalable computing, simulation, and testing environment, as well as a vast database of well annotated data from nuTonomy’s fleet of autonomous vehicles. You will work together with an awesome group of motivated colleagues, both industry professionals as well as leading researchers from academia, who like to approach problems with both creativity and rigor, to push beyond the state of the art. Job Responsibilities Expand and maintain in-house GPU server cluster. Develop and maintain job management system e.g. Docker / Kubernetes. Optimize deep learning experiment throughput. Core Skills Strong Linux background Experience working with Docker and virtualization. Experience managing AWS and in-house server infrastructure Strong Python fundamentals Experience with version control tools (e.g., Git) Excellent communication skills Desire to work in a fast-paced startup environment Desired skills Deep understanding of computer architecture, GPUs and CUDA programming.
 Researcher: Riot Games was established in 2006 by entrepreneurial gamers who believe that player-focused game development can result in great games. In 2009, Riot released its debut title League of Legends to critical and player acclaim. As the most played PC game in the world, over 100 million play every month. Players form the foundation of our community and it’s for them that we continue to evolve and improve the League of Legends experience. We’re looking for humble but ambitious, razor-sharp professionals who can teach us a thing or two. We promise to return the favor. Like us, you take play seriously; you’re passionate about games. We embrace those who see things differently, aren’t afraid to experiment, and who have a healthy disregard for constraints. That’s where you come in. As a Researcher, you’ll join the Insights discipline – the group of researchers, analysts, data scientists, and strategists responsible for solving problems and executing analyses that enable Rioters to make difficult decisions with confidence. You’ll be part of a product team and work closely with designers and producers to create and conduct studies that’ll inform the features, systems, and experiences of our games. Your applied or experimental research background coupled with your deep understanding of data will ensure that you’re an effective advocate for players and can provide strategic guidance about their wants, needs, and behaviors. This posting covers a range of levels, including senior and principal researchers. In general, we're looking for folks who have some experience with research under their belts. At minimum, we'd want you to have an advanced degree involving research or over a year of professional experience in a research role. Having more experiences and skills to draw on is a plus, especially if you have both qualitative and quantitative research experience. \-------- YOU ARE: \-------- Educated: you may have earned a degree in Psychology, Anthropology, Human-Computer Interaction, or a related field, but if you gained your skills outside of academia, that’s cool, too. You might be a market researcher, a cognitive psychologist, a user experience researcher… many disciplines fit into our definition of research! Experienced: you’ve accrued years of experience in applied or experimental research, know your way around direct user testing and survey studies, and are comfortable with user or market research methodologies (bonus points for both) A planning pro: you know when to construct a hyper-detailed experiment and when to prioritize efficiency for an urgent need, all while keeping partners and stakeholders informed throughout the process Strategic and business-savvy: you’re well aware that there’s no point in analyzing every aspect of a problem if the decision hinges on one critical insight; you’re sharp about what makes a company like Riot tick and can find the critical path to how Riot can deliver meaningful experiences to players. Data-informed: you creatively construct ways to scientifically measure any issue through targeted research; you meticulously analyze results, converting them into actionable insights An equipped communicator: you’re comfortable using Excel, Powerpoint, and/or Tableau; you’re capable of translating raw data into reports and presentations that are clear and concise, and delivering them to a variety of audiences A gaming empath: a player yourself, you’re well-versed in games and jump at the chance to immerse yourself in the culture, learning the wants and needs of gamers all over the globe \--------- YOU WILL: \--------- Provide strategic insights to test teams’ assumptions and inform their actions Construct, organize, and execute studies and surveys designed to answer business, development, and usability questions Design and moderate labs, guiding participants through a set of tasks and prompting them for genuine, actionable feedback Share your results with other Rioters in clear, illustrative presentations Mentor other researchers, helping them learn from your own experiences Don’t forget to include a resume and cover letter. We receive a lot of applications, but we’ll notice a fun, well-written intro that shows us you take play seriously.
Host / Hostess: Description/Job Summary Job Overview: The Host/Hostess greets and seats guests in a friendly and courteous manner, receives payment and assists other service personnel as needed to provide total guest satisfaction. Responds to and addresses guests' concerns. The general responsibilities of the position include those listed below, but Sodexo may identify other responsibilities of the position. These responsibilities may differ among accounts, depending on business necessities and client requirements. _General Responsibilities:_ Greets guests immediately in a friendly manner upon arrival and acknowledges at departure. Demonstrates a sense of urgency and meets service cycle timing standards. Seats guests at clean, dry tables, utilizing proper seating rotation. Determines and provides for any special needs of guests. Maintains guest waiting list and adheres to proper seating order procedures. Describes promotions while seating guests; takes initial beverage order. Attends to any other guest needs during the entire dining experience as warranted. Addresses complaints promptly in a courteous manner, and notifies the supervisor of any issues. Assists service personnel in providing beverage orders and refills, and clearing and setting tables. Willingly assists other team members without being asked. Maintains proper supply of clean menus. Demonstrates knowledge of station and floor breakdowns. Possesses strong product and menu knowledge. Completes all required side-work, including deep-cleaning assignments. May be held accountable to proper cash-handling procedures. Provides courteous service and is cordial to all team members and guests. Attends all allergy and foodborne illness in-service training. Complies with all Sodexo HACCP policies and procedures. Reports all accidents and injuries in a timely manner. Complies with all company safety and risk management policies and procedures. Participates in regular safety meetings, safety training and hazard assessments. Attends training programs (classroom and virtual) as designated. May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned. _Job Qualifications:_ _Experience/Knowledge:_ High School diploma, GED, or equivalent experience. 0 to 1 year related experience. _Skills/Aptitude:_ Presents self in a highly professional manner to others and understands that honesty and ethics are essential. Ability to maintain a positive attitude. Ability to communicate with co-workers and other departments with professionalism and respect. Maintains a professional relationship with all coworkers, vendor representatives, supervisors, managers, customers, and client representatives. Ability to use a computer. Must have the ability to communicate effectively in English, both orally and in writing. Must be able to work unsupervised. Must be able to communicate clearly with managers, kitchen and dining room personnel. Must have excellent customer service skills. _License/Qualifications_ Certifications: None. _General Qualifications:_ Willingness to be open to learning and growing. Maturity of judgment and behavior. Maintains high standards for work areas and appearance. Maintains a positive attitude. Ability to work a flexible schedule helpful. Must comply with any dress code requirements. Must be able to work nights, weekends and some holidays. Attends work and shows up for scheduled shift on time with satisfactory regularity. _Physical Requirements:_ Close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus, with or without corrective lenses. Significant walking or other means of mobility. Ability to work in a standing position for long periods of time (up to 8 hours). Ability to reach, bend, stoop, push and/or pull, and frequently lift up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift/move 40 pounds. _Working Conditions (may add additional conditions specific to defined work location):_ Generally in an indoor setting; however, may supervise outside activities and events. Varying schedule to include evenings, holidays, weekends and extended hours as business dictates. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in a controlled, temperate environment; however, may be exposed to heat/cold during support of outside activities. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud.
 Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Game Designer: Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals—from educators, developers, artists, writers, designers, and engineers, to producers, product managers, and marketing experts. We are the creators of the award-winning ABCmouse.com ® _Early Learning Academy_ curriculum, experienced by more than 10 million children worldwide who have completed over 3 billion Learning Activities to date. We are committed to helping _every_ child learn. Our Education Access Initiatives reach millions of children by offering the full ABCmouse curriculum at no cost to teachers and community institutions such as libraries, Head Start programs, and community centers—including public housing authorities and after-school programs. At Age of Learning, we are _Bringing Learning to Life_ ®! Summary We are seeking a full-time Game Designer to add to our in-house International team. In this role, you will be responsible for helping establish the vision for each game through close collaboration with our ELL Lead designer, Curriculum and internal production teams. You will help guide the development of each game that ensures it is both fun to learn and to play. Tasks include developing initial concepts with the ELL product owner and other ELL designers, working with educational advisers to insure seamless curricular integration, providing clear documentation to the production team and evaluating deliverables. The position requires a high attention to detail and the ability to react to the needs of creating a fun game experience that works across a vast variety of browsers and devices. Responsibilities Play a key role in the game design through all production phases-from concept to implementation, and finally to release Design, define and maintain all game mechanics, character use, storylines, assets lists, AI behaviors, text and dialogue with comprehensive documentation Assist in the overall design of UI screens, supporting screens and game levels Design curricular elements of the gameplay experience with support and input from educational advisors Review game deliverables Required Qualifications Game design experience on 3 or more published projects A passion for creating high-quality, games that educate and entertain children A deep knowledge and understanding of current trends and use in all areas of gaming (i.e., mobile, browser, social, etc.) Strong creative and editorial skills Ability to understand technical parameters as they apply to design implementations Work well within cross-functional teams, educational, marketing, etc. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of international markets Developing educational games or games for kids Have worked on casual, mobile and/or classic arcade type games
Grocery Clerk: Co+opportunity is a community owned grocery store founded in Santa Monica in 1974. We have deep roots in LA County. In fact, our Co+op started the Santa Monica Farmers Market! Co+opportunity serves our diverse community and we know that great food means different things to many people. We love food and people who love food too. Our stores offer a full selection of wholesome foods and wellness products that give our customers lots of choices on which products are good for the health of their families, the community and the world. We've grown quite a bit since the hippie era that gave us our start; we are now a multi-million-dollar grocery store with two locations, our first store in Santa Monica and our newest store in Culver City. Got questions about what a co-op is? Learn more here. We're looking for smart, invested people who are interested in learning about natural foods and who really like people - we mean really like people - providing service, working hard and collaborating with customers, and having fun with them too. Sound like you and the Co+op are a match? Check out the job openings below. Co-opportunity Market & Deli is looking for a full-time & part-time, Grocery Clerks The Grocery Clerk is a key team member, you must be hard working, friendly and enthusiastic. Please have great people and customer service skills (smiling is encouraged). Key Responsibilities: Check in deliveries, verifying quantities and product quality Stock displays fully while keeping back stock consolidated Take initiative to help customers with questions Requirements: Must be willing to be thoroughly trained for the position Must be willing to adhere to regular, predictable attendance Ability to lift 50 pounds repeatedly Qualifications: Must be willing to be thoroughly trained for the position Must be willing to adhere to regular, predictable attendance Ability to lift 50 pounds repeatedly Benefits include: Excellent Medical/Life/Vision/Dental benefits Paid time off Bonus program 20% Employee Discount 401K/Profit Sharing with 100% match up to 5% of salary Free yoga, employee assistance program (free mental health and legal assistance) You will be assisting in Grocery department in all aspects of operations including; providing outstanding internal and external customer service, breaking down loads and stocking product, facing product, helping to create displays when needed; coordinating efficiently with other department, maintaining a clean and safe Grocery environment; helping with ordering and receiving merchandise, and assisting in whatever capacity is needed as deemed by the Grocery Manager and the Grocery Assistant Manager. Flexible schedule needed.
Geek Squad Depot Triage Agent: What does Geek Squad Depot Triage Agent do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Geek Squad Depot Triage Agent works in a fast paced environment supporting a team of Geek Squad Repair Agents. They are responsible for the following objectives: Movement of product through repair process Verification of model and serial numbers Prepare and setup units for diagnostics Basic functionality testing of consumer electronics and appliances Basic repairs / part replacements Final cleaning of units and preparation of units for shipping What are the Professional Requirements of a Geek Squad Depot Triage Agent? Basic Requirements: High school diploma or equivalent Preferred Requirements: Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications and the ability to learn new software programs What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Sales Consultant - Gaming, Ent, DI: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Retail Learning Specialist - Topanga: Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all of our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam The Learning Specialist (LS) possesses a passion for technology and supports the growth of each of the store team members by teaching them about our product line-up, customer service skills, and resources that will prepare them to offer a world-class customer experience. The LS reports directly to the Store Manager and is the ultimate subject matter expert when it comes to role, product, demo, and sales training for all team members in the store. The LS also partners with the HQ Readiness Team to help drive company and retail store priorities to ensure strategic objectives are met within the store. Responsibilities Customer Obsession Generate customer obsession within our community through your passion and knowledge of everything Microsoft related Create a learning environment that is passionate, fun, & filled with knowledge for our employees and customers which builds on our WeWinAsATeam culture Evangelize product offerings and cross platform ecosystem integration through in-store experiences and learning engagements that build on increased utilization with devices customers own and love Adaptability Excel in fast paced and ambiguous situations by possessing impeccable organizational skills, patience and empathy Be able to pivot in a changing in-store environment and circumstances through world class customer and employee engagements Proactively build your Microsoft product & service acumen in order to be the expert in everything related to our internal and external customers by learning through peers, self-educating, and showcasing product and service offerings Ability to be flexible and manage tasks according to the needs of business Drive for Results Create an inclusive environment of modern story telling through insight sharing and self-discovery to deliver financial results Coach team members on sales skills and habits through observation to further enhance selling and support knowledge Observe customer interactions to provide sales and product coaching that can elevate overall store results and team engagement focus areas Ensure learning management tool results of the store team is meeting and exceeding company deadlines put into place Influencing for Impact Infuse Microsoft Store culture, mission and values within the team, which will elevate in-store customer interactions Continuously promote product knowledge to others along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Possesses the ability to persuade positive business outcomes through in-store interactions with customers and team mates Collaboration Feel empowered to impact and support store and corporate leadership teams in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in the lives of our customers Combines resources to provide a thorough learning experience while partnering with teammates to achieve store and company goals Connect with each team member to understand their readiness and learning needs to ensure they are able to deliver on all training content Qualifications Required Qualifications 2 years of experience in a teaching, training, or management capacity Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Previous technology/product/software training experience or related teaching experience in non-retail environment Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Time management, analytical and organizational skills with a high-level attention to detail Strong verbal and written communication skills Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT College degree Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Head of Education: Job Summary The J. Paul Getty Museum is seeking a creative and strategic thinker to manage its education team and programs. Reporting to the Assistant Director of Education, Public Programs, and Interpretive Content (EPPIC), the Head of Education is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Education team and has primary oversight of all educational programs and content. In partnership with the Assistant Director of EPPIC, this individual will play a leadership role in formulating visitor centered education strategy and making key contributions to the interpretation of the Getty’s permanent collection and special exhibitions for a diverse public audience. The Head of Education will establish strategies and priorities for the team, develop and implement educational programs on-site and offsite, develop and manage education curricula, oversee donor relationships and create reports, manage budgets and day-to-day operations, guide the operation of the docent program with clear values, vision, and standards, establish metrics for success and modes of evaluation for teaching excellence across all of our educational programs. The Head of Education is a member of the Museum’s EPPIC team. He or she will oversee or participate in all activities directly related to the Museum’s educational programming and guest experiences at the Getty Center and Getty Villa. This individual will also broadly and directly work with, and actively collaborate with, peers across the EPPIC team as well as with curators, conservators, exhibitions staff, docents, and administrators. The department of Education at the J. Paul Getty Museum has established a national reputation for its comprehensive array of education programs for children, students, families, and adults. The 28-person Education Department manages a thriving docent corps of roughly 600 volunteers who lead tours for approximately 150,000 students and 170,000 general public visitors every year across two sites. The Education team also manages; partnerships with and programs for K-12 institutions and colleges; a robust suite of teen programs; and collaborates with pro-social agencies, institutions and foundations. The department’s mission is to engage the diverse community of Los Angeles both intellectually and emotionally through outstanding educational content and experiences. The department positions the learner as the active agent in all of its programs, and leverages the dialogical approach in object-based learning, using both the Getty collection and temporary exhibitions as the foundation for investigation. The ultimate aim is to bring the Museum’s various audiences into direct experiences with works of art and art making, and to offer a broad range of educational programs appealing to a diverse audience. Major Job Responsibilities Working with the Assistant Director and other members of the EPPIC team, develop and implement long-term goals and objectives as well as participate in the Museum’s strategic planning. Working in tandem with EPPIC staff, provide leadership in the coordination and production of multi-platform educational content. Further refine and maximize effectiveness of K-12 school programs serving 150,000 school students and teachers annually, expand outreach and subsidized visits for Title One schools at both the Getty Center and Getty Villa, and develop a content plan for teacher professional development. Provide direction and guide development and implementation of excellent practice for on-site educational tours led by both paid Gallery Educators and a large volunteer docent corps. Cultivate a culture of collaboration and inclusivity across all of our internal, volunteer, and audience interactions. Elevate our world class docent corps and share out best practices to the larger museum community. Further strengthen various teacher professional development programs and opportunities. Strengthen and further solidify the range of offerings specifically geared to teens, college, and university students. Evaluate, assess, and contribute to strategy and experience design for multi-generational educational programming at the Getty Center and Getty Villa, to include family tours, interactive spaces, and more. Prepare and justify annual budget requests for the Education department. Provide direction and targets for special projects, such as various outreach programs and audience-based initiatives. Actively recruit, coach, and develop talent on the Education team and in the docent corps. Represent the Museum in a variety of settings, both internally and externally. Build upon collaborative relationships with other Los Angeles cultural and educational institutions, establishing ongoing dialogue and opportunities for cross-programming, internships, and cultivation of new talent. Develop, implement, and oversee goals for strategic partnerships with other institutions, national and international. Qualifications Bachelor's degree 7 to 10 years of supervisory and/or project/process management experience Proficiency with standard business software Knowledge, Skills and Abilities The ideal candidate will be a recognized leader in the field with a significant background in developing lively, creative, and innovative education programs that engage a diverse community. This person should have the capacity to serve as a catalyst within the institution, responding to individual, corporate, and foundation donor needs to further the Getty’s role as a leader in its field. The ability to work effectively in a highly collaborative environment, with excellent management skills and the ability to exercise authority in a direct, compassionate, and encouraging manner. This professional should have the strategic perspective to consider the impact of decisions, plans, and programs on the Museum, and make sound recommendations accordingly. Must be a flexible, self-reliant person who can handle conflict and advocate ideas using deft negotiation and persuasion skills. Comprehensive knowledge of museum pedagogy and art education integration strategies. Experience working with curators and in generating educational programs around a collection. Strong commitment to education and to making the collection more accessible and meaningful to the general public. Deep knowledge of object-based approaches to learning, taking into consideration different types of audiences, and strong interest in learning styles and techniques. Direct and succinct, with outstanding written and verbal communication skills, blended with the ability to be an effective and active listener. A strong and serious work ethic coupled with an enthusiastic and passionate affinity for the visual arts. The successful candidate will be a dynamic, hands-on individual with a compassionate, visionary, disciplined style. Diplomatic and respectful with any and all staff members, with a track record of promoting a culture of congeniality. Comfortable working with wide variety of personalities and adept at building trust and promoting dialog. A multi-task personality: this individual should have the ability to set priorities and to manage multiple tasks and functions simultaneously. Ability to speak multiple languages is highly desirable. Character and substance; the highest ethical and professional standards are essential.
 Deep Learning Research Scientist: nuTonomy aims to be the first company in the world to launch an autonomous taxi system, and we are building up an awesome team to make this goal a reality. We are developing the first-of-its-kind complete solution for providing point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles. This includes software for autonomous vehicles, smartphone-based ride hailing, fleet management, and teleoperation. The company's software has been tested extensively on public roads in the U.S. and Singapore. We offer a unique opportunity to work closely with experts from a wide array of backgrounds, to create ground-breaking technology with potential for huge impact. As a member of a fast-growing start-up, you will be able to make a large contribution to the final product. For more information about nuTonomy, visit: www.nutonomy.com We are looking for a Deep Learning Research Scientist that will focus on architecting, training and analyzing deep neural networks to extract rich semantic information from multiple sensor modalities, with the goal of using the learned models in real-time for a variety of tasks, including object detection, scene segmentation, tracking & fusion, sensorimotor learning for calibration and fault detection, and behavior prediction. We are looking for experts with either (or both) academic or industry backgrounds. In this role you would work closely with other researchers & engineers to build a fully-integrated autonomous driving stack. nuTonomy’s goal is to create provably safe and efficient vehicles, so we particularly value a rigorous statistical background and expertise regarding providing rigorous performance bounds. To support your work, you will be able to use a state-of-the-art scalable computing, simulation, and testing environment, as well as a vast database of well annotated data from nuTonomy’s fleet of autonomous vehicles. You will work together with an awesome group of motivated colleagues, both industry professionals as well as leading researchers from academia, who like to approach problems with both creativity and rigor, to push beyond the state of the art. Job responsibilities Design deep neural networks for the autonomous vehicle stack. Develop training and testing pipelines. Work with customers to define performances metrics and goals. Manage data mining & annotation. Mentor junior colleagues. Core skills PhD in Machine Learning, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or related field or Ms with industry experience. Experience of architecting, training and analyzing CNNs for at least one of the following applications: Object detection, Image segmentation, Sensor fusion, Temporal fusion (tracking) Experience with PyTorch or other deep learning frameworks. Excellent analytical, communication, and writing skills. Experience developing software as part of a team. Fluency in Python. Desired skills Experience in automotive or other real-time and embedded systems. GPU/CUDA programming skills. Proven track record of publications in relevant conferences (CVPR, ICML, NIPS, ICCV, ICLR…) Familiarity with C++, CUDA, Git, CMake, continuous integration tools and the agile development process.
Campus Assistant: Under the supervision of the Assistant Principal, the Campus Assistant is responsible for the safety and support with student behavior as aligned to the Multi-Tiered System of Support. The Campus Assistant facilitates and supports the student supervision and implements the School-Wide Behavior Support Plan with fidelity by having students engage in organized activities. ESSENTIAL DUTIES : Supervises students to comply with all school rules. Facilitates and supports the School-Wide Behavior Support Plan with fidelity, as aligned to the Multi-Tiered Systems of Support (for Behavior). Responsible for reporting any abnormal symptoms and or behaviors observed in the work with students. This includes possible evidence of abuse or neglect as well as any injuries or illnesses. Supervises the health and safety needs of the students Develops, organizes, and executes safe and engaging activities for all students. Must have the ability to nurture respectful relationship with client and children and must be sensitive to the client’s cultural and socioeconomic characteristics. Participates in school assemblies to discuss Positive Behavior & Intervention Support. Performs other duties as directed by Supervisor. Supports in keeping the campus clean and safe of any obstructions that may harm students, staff, parents and/or all stakeholders. Assists in carrying out positive reinforcement procedures and preventative/reactive strategies identified in the School-Wide Behavior Support Plan. Under the Assistant Principal’s direction, participates in professional development on developmental behaviors. Under the Assistant Principal’s direction, participates in professional development on Tiered behavior support for students. May assist in safety and behavior support during field trips by helping students with physical needs, maintaining discipline, and reinforcing learning situations. Provides data support on behavior of students with a tiered approach. Other Duties: Carry out mission, vision, and values established by Para Los Niños’ Superintendent of Charter Schools, the President/CEO and the Board of Directors. Participate in the overall agency continuous quality improvement processes. Performs other duties as assigned by Supervisor. Qualifications Education/Experience: At least one year of paid experience in an education program for children with special needs. Non-Violent Crisis Intervention/Behavior Safety-Care Emergency (NCI/B-SET) training certification High School diploma. _Special Skills/Knowledge/Abilities:_ Ability to work in a special education classroom setting. Ability to gain students’ confidence. Ability to work harmoniously with students, parents, teachers and staff. Ability to act calmly and appropriately in emergencies. Ability to understand the crisis cycle and respond appropriately to escalating behaviors. Knowledge of physical and emotional needs of children at various age levels. Knowledge of needs of special education students in both a regular education Must possess a valid First-Aid/CPR Certificate issued by a recognized First Aid training program. Bilingual (E/S) preferred. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Employees must be able to perform the following essential functions: Observe, see, hear and respond to children’s needs, emergencies and conflicts that may occur in the childcare center or on the playground. Lift 30 pounds from the floor to a waist-high table when necessary. Reach a child 20 to 30 feet away within 30 seconds without endangering the staff person’s health. Be aware of the cognitive, social, and physical needs of children. Communicate verbally and in writing in English (and in Spanish if needed by any stakeholder) Handle the responsibilities often associated with providing child care services. To perform this job the individual must be able to carry out all essential functions satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Approximately fifty percent of the time is spent sitting, while frequently required to walk, stand and bend. Must be able to talk and hear well. Good vision is imperative. Occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. Employee will be required to life and/or move unassisted up to twenty-five pounds. Expectations for All Para Los Niños Staff Candidates for employment at a Para Los Niños, regardless of position, will consistently demonstrate the following: Unwavering belief in and commitment to fulfill the mission of Para Los Niños. Deep commitment to the success of all PLN students and families Commitment to excellence and high standards - for self, students, and colleagues. Continuous learning by engaging in reflection, self-assessment, and individual professional development. Use of data to inform decisions and drive continuous improvement. Ability to thrive as a member of a collaborative team. Self-motivation and initiative with solutions-oriented disposition. Belief in and ability to develop respectful relationship with parents and children marked by sensitivity to the students’ cultural and socioeconomic characteristics. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to effectively handle challenging situations Comfort with basic Microsoft Office applications and a curiosity and propensity to push own adoption of new technology and approaches. Regular, punctual attendance and professional appearance. It is the established policy of Para Los Niños (PLN) to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees without discrimination with regard to race, religious belief (including dress or grooming practices), color, sex, sex stereotype, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions (including breast feeding), age, national origin (including possessing a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code § 12801.9), ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identification and expression, transgender status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic characteristics, genetic information, family care, marital status, enrollment in any public assistance program, status as military, a veteran or qualified disabled veteran, status as an unpaid intern or volunteer, or any other classification protected by law. PLN also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics. Para Los Niños is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer
 HR Business Partner: Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smarts, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play. SUMMARY Hulu’s Talent & Organization (TAO) team is seeking a Talent Advisor (more commonly known as an HR Business Partner) who will be an exceptional addition to our Talent Management team. As a Talent Advisor at Hulu, you will be a trusted resource for your assigned team(s) and the go-to partner from TAO for the team members, managers, and leaders that you support. The right person for this role has successfully coached business leaders, managers, and team members, and is viewed as a credible and influential partner across their current organization. If you are someone who thrives in a team environment, are a natural at dealing with employee relations issues, and are interested in working across Hulu to help us scale, then this is a great role for you. WHAT YOU’LL DO Partner directly with leadership within our Corporate functions (e.g. Finance, Legal, and Business Development) to help them achieve their business goals through talent management and programming. Serve as a trusted advisor to your assigned team(s) and business leaders around any talent issues they are facing, including: organizational design, role definition, career development, compensation, management & leadership coaching, change management, and in what ways to grow and scale. Reinforce Hulu’s high-performance culture by working closely with our managers on how to set clear performance expectations and provide ongoing and direct feedback. Partner with and advise managers through the performance management process on your assigned teams including performance improvement plans and various employee relations issues and terminations. Guide your teams through Hulu’s talent processes and programs, including: performance management and compensation reviews, headcount planning & organization management, and succession planning. Gain deep knowledge on the unique talent challenges of your assigned team and work with leaders and team members to address them. This will include career pathing/ job definition, retention strategies, partnering with Talent Development, and anything else having to do with retaining and engaging our talent. Identify trends and themes across the team and recommend modifications to existing talent programs and processes or, in some cases, the creation of new ones. Analyze and use data to guide decisions, in addition to what you know from being embedded within the team. Partner effectively across other parts of TAO: Talent Development, Compensation, Talent Acquisition, Internal Communications, HR Ops, and Workplace Experience ensuring that they are aware of organizational changes that could impact their work and have the right context to support the business well. Act as a culturally attuned, highly credible voice for Talent Management to the leadership team of the group you’re supporting. Contribute to the Talent Management team; be a steward for Hulu culture and bring your business’s perspective back to Talent Management initiatives. WHAT TO BRING 5 or more years of professional experience with demonstrated success in the key responsibilities for this role – namely executive and manager coaching, handling employee relations issues, and advising on organizational design. 5 or more years of successfully partnering with other Human Resources functions (i.e. Learning and Development, HR Operations, Recruiting, Facilities, Internal Communications, etc.) Undergraduate degree in Business, Organization Development, or relevant field Experience working directly with and supporting Executives/Business leaders Solid and proven understanding of employment law
 Technician/Agent. Geek Squad Advance Repair: Our Agents quickly and accurately diagnose client technology issues using specialty software and make solution-based recommendations to our clients in a timely fashion. This is a highly-coveted technology role that is perfect for geeks who thrive on both customer interaction and heads down troubleshooting. Geek Squad Advanced Repair Agents are highly regarded members of the team who are on a mission to rescue clients' software and hardware before time runs out. Key Accountabilities: Perform diagnostics and navigate requested and recommended repairs in a timely fashion Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client devices Partner with other team members to ensure proper documentation of client requests Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: 6+ months experience diagnosing, troubleshooting, or repairing technology products Experience actively using and learning about consumer electronics Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
DDC Recycling Processor: What does a Best Buy Recycling Processor do? The Recycling Processor will be responsible for the recycling processes of Styrofoam, cardboard, and Plastic Film (Commodities Recycling). The associate is responsible for ensuring key processing tasks are completed and the recycling areas are maintained in a clean and orderly manner. Essential Functions: Good Communication and Organization Skills Perform all Fucntions in a Safe Manner Abiltiy to Multi-Task What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Recycling Processor? Basic Requirement High School Diploma or equivalent What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Inside Curriculum Specialist - K-12 Humanities: Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always reexamining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. Come check us out. What big idea will you help us launch? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkyK4aaYzpc Pearson is constantly looking to add to our AMAZING team of Specialists! We are actively searching for an expert K-12 Inside Curriculum Specialist with a deep knowledge in content area of Humanities . As a highly skilled Inside Curriculum Specialist, you will provide exceptional sales and introductory product orientation training for print, digital and blended learning programs, partnering with other specialists and share responsibilities for assigned regions. Your ability to drive educators, at all levels, to make sound decisions regarding learning outcome choices for students and teachers, will allow you to remain actively involved with K-12 education! You will be able to provide and communicate your expertise on national education standards, current education pedagogy and market trends. As a strong communicator, you will have the opportunity to develop and maintain ongoing relationships that involve all levels of state, regional, or district K-12 employees; superintendent, administrator, teacher, and para-professionals! If you are a self-starter with a passion for K-12 education, this is the time to be part of Pearson and keep the whole world learning. Because where learning flourishes, so do people! This exciting opportunity is at our Chandler, Arizona site location (No relocation assistance available) . Here is what you will get to do: \+ Work in partnership with Account General Managers throughout the region as a content specialist Support the sales process from prospecting to close for Pearson products, services and solutions respective to your portfolio in assigned markets \+ Partner directly with the Market Sales Teams and product management to advance Pearson products, services and solutions in your market \+ Responsible for contributing to the achievement of revenue targets as assigned \+ Deliver winning presentations for each sales cycle to include: exhibits/ conferences, pre-work/issue setting workshops, meetings/campaigns, pilots, sales presentations, and program activation \+ Develop relationships with key k-12 decision makers within the market segment \+ Maintain content level expertise through the Pearson certification process \+ Deliver program activation trainings for new and on-going customer accounts \+ Collaborate with internal Pearson teams including sales, services, and product management Qualifications Required Skills/Knowledge/Abilities: \+ BA/BS Degree; Master’s is preferred \+ 5 years of K-12 education experience to include classroom teaching experience Humanities \+ Expert knowledge of education theory and market trends in assigned content area (Humanities) \+ Proven success and experience with virtual delivery \+ Deep knowledge and passion for learning in K-12 education \+ Exceptional Self-starter \+ Extraordinary ability to network with district administrators and decision makers at all levels of state, regional and/or district K-12 employees \+ Demonstrated ability to deliver winning presentations in large and small groups \+ Strong proficiency with technology, including the ability to use various presentation software and hardware Additional Pluses: \+ Specialty training or advanced certification \+ Previous experience in selling and servicing to the education market \+ Active participation of knowing competitive landscape Pearson fuels the growing demand for effective education and high-quality information in the global knowledge economy, and share a common goal: to help people get on in their lives through education. For more information, visit www.pearson.com. Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-AZ-Chandler Other Locations US-AZ-Tucson, US-CA-Los Angeles, US-Arizona, US-CA-San Diego, US-AZ-Flagstaff, US-AZ-Phoenix, US-NV-Las Vegas Job: Sales Organization: North America Employee Status: Regular Employee Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 10, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1810924 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
 Mgr Site Function: General Responsibilities As a Function Manager (FM) you will be given the opportunity to further hone your management and leadership skills while driving results across one or more areas of operations. You will be assigned specific area(s) such as IR, Counter, Gold/Exit Gate, or Bus. As a Functional Manager you will work on the day-to-day aspects of the rental car business while using superior management, leadership and customer service skills. You will work with a wide range of employees, customers, vendors, and third party contractors to achieve the overall results and goals for your area of operations. You are responsible for managing a unionized and/or non- unionized workforce, delivering quality customer service, increasing sales and revenue, scheduling adequate staff coverage, handling escalated customer issues and requests, recruiting new employees and providing them with training. You will be an expert in all of Dollar Thrifty products and services and will coach employees how to improve their ability to sell and meet customer needs. Additionally, depending on your assigned area you will be responsible for the rental fleet at your location including staying aware of hourly reservations, return counts, vehicle make and model availability, preventative maintenance schedules, etc. to achieve the greatest revenue and profitability Mandatory Requirements To be a Great FM you need: Commitment to developing and learning a wide variety of skills so that you can advance to higher levels at Dollar Thrifty A desire to grow with Dollar Thrifty including a willingness to live and work in a number of different cities throughout the United States A deep desire to work with and lead others as a team to build a business that is both fast paced and continually improving An ability to manage all aspects of the rental car business from Customer Service, Sales, Fleet Management, Maintenance, Vehicle Service, Vehicle Replenishment and Financial Analysis An ability to remain level headed and calm with both customers and employees as you assist them through challenging situations An ability to be a Dollar Thrifty Brand Ambassador at all times as you seek to create a positive environment and solutions that generate continued customer and employee loyalty Skills Strong management, communications, interpersonal relationship, customer service, problem solving, fleet management, and sales skills Strong planning and logistical skills An Associate’s Degree required and a four-year degree is preferred for this role Preferred Requirements Dollar Thrifty is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening. EEO/AA: Females/Minorities/Disabled/Vets EEO Statement Hertz is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status or domestic partnership status, disability, protected veteran status or military status, genetic information, or any other category protected under applicable law. Hertz is committed to taking affirmative steps to promote the employment and advancement of minorities, women, persons with disabilities and protected veterans.
Associate Fantasy Content Creator: The NFL Digital Media Group is seeking an associate fantasy content creator with expert-level knowledge of the fantasy football industry and deep experience in multimedia production to create compelling fantasy content that will be distributed across the league's owned and social channels. We are looking for dynamic thinkers who have demonstrated the ability to stand out in a saturated market. The winning candidate will be able to anticipate fans' fantasy needs and deliver that content in a smart and digestible form, no matter the medium. They will also be data-driven and understand how audiences consume content, and how to adjust production and distribution of that content to meet consumer need. Essential Functions: Write articles to support NFL.com Fantasy content and the NFL Fantasy product Appear on NFL podcasts, videos and other multimedia Engage fans on social media with timely, actionable information Pitch, create and execute engaging and unique cross-platform series for NFL Fantasy, with an eye towards sponsorship Leverage personal social media and the NFL Fantasy accounts to promote the team's content and engage fans Be an internal advocate for fantasy players, helping shape not only editorial coverage across all platforms but also contributing ideas to the development of our fantasy products Help edit and post fantasy editorial content as needed 3+ years editorial experience in the fantasy sports industry Demonstrated ability to integrate advanced analytics and basic film analysis, and contextualize learnings for the benefit of fantasy players Deep experience creating/producing multimedia content Strong understanding of social media Preferred Education and Experience: Recognized expert in the fantasy space On camera experience Intermediate Photoshop knowledge Basic audio production skills Bachelor's degree Other Key Attributes / Characteristics: Audience-aware -- will understand how audiences consume content and how to meet that need as a content creator Creative thinker -- conceive and pitch new storylines and franchises, respond to breaking news Versatile -- will be able to contribute across platforms Organized -- will be able to juggle multiple ongoing projects with breaking news Must be able to inform, but also entertain Travel: 10% Expected Hours of Work: Must be able to work nights and weekends as determined by the NFL schedule Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
 085-HURLEY KEYHOLDER-25H-RPT-COMMERCE, CA: The essence of Hurley, a wholly owned subsidiary of NIKE, Inc., is rooted in a love of the ocean and its constant state of change. Founded in 1999, the performance surf brand designs, markets and distributes industry-leading apparel, footwear and accessories. Fueled by innovation, inclusion and empowerment of youth, the Hurley team stretches around the world, from the brand headquarters in Costa Mesa, Calif., to offices in Tokyo, Sydney, Barcelona and Bali. Hurley’s corporate team of marketers, salespeople, designers, digital strategists, product managers and more share a passion for beach culture and freedom of expression that translates into advanced, authentic products for the surf athlete. Working in Hurley Retail will be rewarding and challenging and is definitely not just another job. You will be an ambassador of the Hurley brand and everything we stand for: drive, determination, and the unyielding commitment to excellence. We are committed to making every customer’s experience a rewarding one. As a member of our Retail team your contributions will be a big part of our success. Objective: To assist store management, as a member of the Hurley team, to achieve sales targets and ensure long-term business growth by providing premium customer service and maintaining store standards Embrace and utilize customer service training principles Build deep connections to the customer using training principles Understand expectations and achieve targeted sales goals Ensure 100% zone coverage Drive toward a high level of product expertise Understand and demonstrate an understanding of Retail standards (store attendance, conduct standards, Matter of Respect, etc.) Ensure daily restock is completed Ensure all merchandising standards are maintained Support other facets of the retail location (front of house, back of house, shipping and receiving, store opening and closing, customization, etc.) as business requires it Ensure consistent planning and execution of product flow (markdowns, transitions, refill, etc.) Perform store opening and closing responsibilities Other duties as assigned Qualifications High School/Secondary School Diploma or equivalent 1+ year work experience Ability to understand direction and communicate in English Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers and management staff Demonstrate a courteous and helpful attitude Must be able to manage personal time to accomplish multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Physical requirements include the ability to twist, bend, squat, reach, climb a ladder, lift 10 lbs, and stand for extended periods of time Our commitment doesn't stop with our customers. If you're up to the challenge of Hurley Retail we'll make it worth your while. You'll be working in a great team environment, with access to the latest and greatest products and apparel. We pride ourselves in providing a competitive compensation and benefits package. Join us and see what it means to be a part of the Hurley Retail experience! We're interested in learning more about you and appreciate you taking the time to apply online. To ensure we continue to hire competent, ethical and trustworthy individuals, all candidates must successfully complete a thorough background investigation prior to receiving any final offer of employment from Hurley.
 Service Deli Clerk: Co+opportunity is a community owned grocery store founded in Santa Monica in 1974. We have deep roots in LA County. In fact, our Co+op started the Santa Monica Farmers Market! Co+opportunity serves our diverse community and we know that great food means different things to many people. We love food and people who love food too. Our stores offer a full selection of wholesome foods and wellness products that give our customers lots of choices on which products are good for the health of their families, the community and the world. We've grown quite a bit since the hippie era that gave us our start; we are now a multi-million-dollar grocery store with two locations, our first store in Santa Monica and our newest store in Culver City. Got questions about what a co-op is? Learn more here. We're looking for smart, invested people who are interested in learning about natural foods and who really like people - we mean really like people - providing service, working hard and collaborating with customers, and having fun with them too. Sound like you and the Co+op are a match? Check out the job opening below. Key Responsibilities: Preparing deli offerings, including sandwiches, hot/cold bars and cases, beverages, etc. Providing excellent customer service to Service Deli patrons. Assist in all areas of the Service Deli and Kitchen as needed. Qualifications: Must be flexible and willing to work all stations in the deli, including kitchen prep and dishwashing. Must be willing to be thoroughly trained for the position. Must be willing to adhere to regular, predictable attendance. Must be friendly and get along with others easily. Must be able to handle a fast-paced environment with professionalism. Experience as a Service Deli Clerk is a plus. Benefits include: Excellent Medical/Life/Vision/Dental benefits Paid time off Bonus program 20% Employee Discount 401K/Profit Sharing with 100% match up to 5% of salary Employee assistance program (free mental health and legal assistance)
 Manager, Talent Management: Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smarts, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play. SUMMARY Hulu’s Talent & Organization (TAO) team is seeking a Talent Advisor (more commonly known as an HR Business Partner) who will be an exceptional addition to our Talent Management team. As a Talent Advisor at Hulu, you will be a trusted resource for your assigned team(s) and the go-to partner from TAO for the team members, managers, and leaders that you support. The right person for this role has successfully coached business leaders, managers, and team members, and is viewed as a credible and influential partner across their current organization. If you are someone who thrives in a team environment, are a natural at dealing with employee relations issues, and are interested in working across Hulu to help us scale, then this is a great role for you. This management position will partner directly with our Chief Technology Officer and work across our growing Tech organization. WHAT YOU’LL DO Partner directly with Technology leadership to help them achieve their business goals through talent management and programming, often specific to making Hulu a world-class employer for Technology and Software Development team members. Serve as a trusted advisor to your assigned team(s) around any talent issues they are facing, including: organizational design, role definition, career development, compensation, management & leadership coaching, change management, and in what ways to grow and scale. Reinforce Hulu’s high-performance culture by working closely with our managers on how to set clear performance expectations and provide ongoing and direct feedback. Partner with and advise managers through the performance management process on your assigned teams including performance improvement plans and various employee relations issues and terminations. Guide your teams through Hulu’s talent processes and programs, including: performance management and compensation reviews, headcount planning & organization management, and succession planning. Gain deep knowledge on the unique talent challenges of your assigned team and work with leaders and team members to address them. This will include career pathing/ job definition, retention strategies, partnering with Talent Development, and anything else having to do with retaining and engaging our talent. Identify trends and themes across the team and recommend modifications to existing talent programs and processes or, in some cases, the creation of new ones. Analyze and use data to guide decisions, in addition to what you know from being embedded within the team. Partner effectively across other parts of TAO: Talent Development, Compensation, Talent Acquisition, Internal Communications, HR Ops, and Workplace Experience ensuring that they are aware of organizational changes that could impact their work and have the right context to support the business well. Act as a culturally attuned, highly credible voice for Talent Management to the leadership team of the group you’re supporting. Contribute to the Talent Management team; be a steward for Hulu culture and bring your business’s perspective back to Talent Management initiatives. Lead and develop a team of high-performing HR Business Partners. WHAT TO BRING 7 or more years of professional experience with demonstrated success in the key responsibilities for this role – namely manager coaching, handling employee relations issues, and advising on organizational design for a Technology team. 7 or more years of successfully partnering with other Human Resources functions (i.e. Learning and Development, HR Operations, Recruiting, Facilities, Internal Communications, etc.) 3 years of management experience
 Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 D3- Sr. NLP Deep Learning Data Scientist: Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description This role, within the Data Scientist job family, is responsible for researching, developing, and improving algorithms that help computers learn from text. Our goal is to reduce the time and expense of performing traditionally manual tasks, increasing efficiency and reducing costs. By extracting meaning from large data sets containing millions of documents, you will help Allstate to develop NLP capabilities to improve the speed and ease with which we underwrite a policy, estimate a claim, or service a customer. Key Responsibilities Conducts cutting-edge research in Natural Language Processing / Understanding. Leverages research and applies state-of-the-art deep learning techniques to inform recommendations and decisions. Works across the enterprise to identify and incubate business use cases. Advises data scientists and business partners on applying NLP in their work. Regularly educates and trains data scientists and business partners on the state of the art. Job Qualifications Experience developing natural language processing/understanding, machine learning, or artificial intelligence algorithms/models required. Strong experience in deep learning required. A graduate degree in a field such as math, computer science, statistics, engineering or machine learning, or equivalent experience. Experience with general machine learning tools to build models and analyze data. (e.g. in R, Python, Matlab) and deep learning tools (e.g. TensorFlow, Keras) required. Demonstrated skills in coding. Software development experience a plus. Knowledge of the theory and practice of NLP and deep-learning techniques. Ability to develop new concepts and stay current with academic research. Ability to summarize research and analysis for audiences with varying levels of expertise. Demonstrated analytic agility. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era. ABC
Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Sr. Data Scientist: Computer Vision & Deep Learning: Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Job Qualifications The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Quality Coordinator: About The Opportunity Welcome! Got a taste for something new? We’re Grubhub, the nation’s leading online and mobile food ordering company. Since 2004 we’ve been connecting hungry diners to the local restaurants they love. We’re moving eating forward with no signs of slowing down. With more than 85,000 restaurants and over 15.6 million diners across 1,600 U.S. cities and London, we’re delivering like never before. Incredible tech is our bread and butter, but amazing people are our secret ingredient. Rigorously analytical and customer-obsessed, our employees develop the fresh ideas and brilliant programs that keep our brands going and growing. Long story short, keeping our people happy, challenged and well-fed is priority one. Interested? Let’s talk. We’re eager to show you what we bring to the table. The Quality Coordinator will be responsible for monitoring and scoring our call center contacts. This individual will also coach Specialists to improve the customer experience. Through monitoring contacts and interacting with Specialists and Care Managers, the Quality Coordinator will provide recommendations to improve processes, policies and technology enhancement recommendations. The successful candidate will be customer obsessed, highly organized with an ability to work in a rapidly changing environment and meet deadlines.The position reports to the Manager, Quality. Some Challenges You’ll Tackle Scoring contacts based on the scorecard and policies established by the Quality team Meeting with Care Managers and leads to ensure team is calibrated Assist in Quality training for new hires Conduct deep dives to understand the root causes of customer contacts and dissatisfaction Work on customer feedback loop based on CSAT survey responses You Should Have High school diploma or GED required. Associate Degree preferred. Ability to meet tight deadlines required Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) required Experience with MS Office is required Ability to work in a demanding and rapidly changing environment required Must be able to work as a team but also independently with limited direction Experience in customer service operations required. An aptitude for continuous improvement required And Of Course, Perks! 18 days of paid time off, choose how your time is spent Never go hungry! We provide weekly Grubhub/Seamless credit Regular in-office social events, including happy hours, wine tastings, karaoke, bingo with prizes and more Company-Wide Initiatives encouraging innovation, continuous learning and cross-department connections Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. Grubhub is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.
 Senior Director, Learning & Development COE: McDonald’s Position Specification Senior Director, Learning & Development COE The Senior Director, Learning and Development joins the recently globalized Learning & Development Center of Excellence during a period of unprecedented innovation and advancement. This critical leader will partner widely across the Global People function, leading efforts to evolve, build, reimagine and ultimately scale robust solutions within departments and across functions. This work is aimed at providing employees a variety of opportunities where learning will result incapability building to support our velocity growth plan. Reporting to the Senior Vice President-Chief Learning Officer, this Senior Director will be the principal architect responsible for the design, implementation, and evaluation of programs that facilitate continuous employee learning across major portions of the McDonald’s system including at the leadership, professional and functional level. Responsibilities THE ROLE Strategically define the direction of future learning across functions, informed by a deep understanding of the current state of learning programs and relevant best in class practices being implemented in the marketplace. Evaluate existing programs for impact and alignment with functional needs. Provide recommendations for learning experiences that increase reach, impact, and future capability requirements. Design and deliver exceptional, engaging learning experiences ranging from core/flagship curriculum to discipline-specific programs. Leverage knowledge of cutting-edge, nimble, just-in-time tools. Define metrics for successful evaluation of programs around fulfillment of audience needs and relevant business drivers with functions. Identify, develop, lead and manage key external vendor relationships as necessary. Manage core global learning experiences, including design, delivery, implementation, and ongoing evaluation ensuring program quality and audience value. Foster greater design and delivery innovation, while maximizing efficiency by acting as a thought leader on ground-breaking, relevant learning industry trends centered on learning impact and accessibility. Meet and engage subject matter experts, key stakeholders, and end users to conduct learning needs analyses, define requirements, and potentially develop content for a variety of learning programs and tools. Keep pace with both business and functional knowledge, and apply this effectively in course design. Ability and willingness to travel at times, occasionally including global destinations. This position will be located in Oak Brook, IL until Spring 2018, when McDonald’s will be relocating to downtown Chicago (West Loop) to the new Corporate Headquarters. Minimum Requirements QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE Bachelor’s Degree required; preferred Master’s Degree in Human Resources or related field. Minimum ten years of progressive experience in learning & development functions including in-person training, virtual training and facilitation roles. Previous management experience supervising a high performance team. Experience working cross-culturally with diverse colleagues in a global environment. Previous experience serving as a consultant/advisor in analyzing client needs; setting and managing expectations and influencing decisions. Excellent ability to engage with people at all levels of an organization. Proven track record of communicating and processing complex and sensitive information in both verbal and written formats. Exceptional ability to prioritize and complete multiple complex projects simultaneously. Senior level expertise across a variety of instructional methods and training techniques including curriculum design principles, adult learning theory, and blended learning strategies. Excellent coaching and mentoring skills. Ability to translate strategic goals into appropriate development and talent programs that expertly balance the evolving priorities of the organization. Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Solid influencing, negotiation and facilitation skills with the ability to foster and maintain collaborative relationships with clients, peers, subordinates and other key stakeholders. Experience in group facilitation and team coaching with a track record of improving overall performance. Strong project management skills. Must have the ability to document and communicate project plans, monitor work in progress, and achieve project milestones/end results for others to understand. Strong business acumen, with the ability to credibly make a business case, by linking current and anticipated business challenges with learning and development solutions. CountryUnited States Requisition Number 5867BR EOE Statement McDonald’s Corporation is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce.
Learning Community Facilitator: TEAM: Chicago-Northwest Indiana Regional Team REPORTS TO: Director, Corps Member Learning LOCATION: Chicago, IL THE ROLE Learning Community Facilitators are charged with developing and facilitating monthly group learning experiences (Learning Communities) for first year corps members from November 2018 through April 2019. Learning Community Facilitators (LCFs) are tasked with designing and leading experiences that: Foster a sense of community across the Learning Community space Are founded upon culturally responsive teaching practices and build corps members’ knowledge, skills, and mindsets in leading their students to strong academic and personal growth Enable corps members to reflect on their identity and develop as culturally competent leaders in the movement towards educational equity Are grounded in Teach For America’s Position on Adult Learning (PAL) The Learning Community Facilitator role is a part-time position that will begin in the fall and wrap up in the spring. THE ORGANIZATION There are more than 16 million children growing up in poverty in the U.S., and less than 10 percent of them will graduate from college. These statistics are not a reflection of our children’s potential; we know that children growing up in poverty can and do achieve at the highest levels. Rather, these statistics reflect the systemic lack of access and opportunity for children in low-income communities. Teach For America’s (TFA) mission is to find, develop, and support a diverse network of leaders committed to expanding opportunity for children from classrooms, schools, and every sector and field that shapes the broader systems in which schools operate. We are seeking individuals who align with our mission and core values and are ready to join us in this global movement. Qualifications: THE PERSON Learning Community Facilitators will work with the Director, Corps Member Learning as well as other Chicago-Northwest Indiana staff members. Duties include, but are not limited to: Design and Facilitate Learning Communities (70%) Design monthly Learning Community experiences for approximately 20-30 teachers and design and execute make-up experiences for absences Facilitate for approximately two hours on the following evenings: November 6th, December 5th, January 15th, February 19th, March 11th, April 2nd, and May 4th (dates may change) Review corps members’ pre- and post- Learning Community deliverables to provide constructive and reinforcing feedback to corps members Hold Office Hours in between Learning Community experiences (as needed) Collaborate with Chicago-Northwest Indiana staff members to plan for and debrief Learning Community experiences in order to meet experience outcomes and provide ongoing information about corps members’ progress to ensure continuity corps member development Onboard & Engage in Ongoing Development (30%) Attend onboarding/training in mid-October Commit to learning about Teach For America’s Position on Adult Learning and embedding it into corps member learning experiences Engage in ongoing professional development through the reflection and analysis of corps member and staff feedback, as well as monitor progress towards student and corps member goals THE MUST HAVES Previous Experience Quantifiable success as a classroom teacher, with a minimum 2 full years teaching experience by the start of the October required and 5 or more years of experience highly preferred. Experience as a Teach For America corps member helpful, but not required. Content/Specialty Expertise in one of the following areas: Elementary Education, MS/HS Math or Science, MS/HS English Language Arts, or Diverse Learning/Special Education. Knowledge in the current research and best practice thinking around rigor and pedagogy in your content area. Experience facilitating groups of learners towards applying new knowledge and skills including: Engaging and comfortable speaking to groups Ability to invest participants in their growth as educators Ability to build culture and community within sessions Ability to keep participants engaged during independent work time Deep belief in Teach For America’s mission, core values, and the potential of students in low-income communities Skills Ability to operate as a culturally responsive educator Enthusiasm for supporting beginning teachers and a belief in their potential Ability to coach corps members to meet session outcomes Willingness to collaborate with staff to identify, size, prioritize, and address gaps Desire to learn continuously and develop professionally and an openness to feedback Track record of being able to manage various work streams and meet deadlines consistently and independently Demonstrated personal responsibility over one’s success Work Demands Evenings throughout the year for training, development, and corps member facing work are required Ability to travel throughout the Chicago-Northwest Indiana area to facilitate Learning Communities and host Office Hours Education Bachelor’s degree required THE TEAM Here in Chicago-Northwest Indiana, our local vision for educational equity is that the students of today will be the leaders of tomorrow at every level in our community. These leaders will have the long-term skills, access and agency needed to lead a life of their choosing and disrupt systems of inequity. The students of today will take pride in sending their children to a school in their Chicago-Northwest Indiana community, knowing that our local community will accept nothing less than an excellent education for all students. To realize this vision, our region needs transformational schools and equitable policies to break down barriers between students and their aspirations and our region needs the disruptive innovation and public will to make these schools and policies possible. Teach For America’s mission is to enlist, develop and mobilize our nation’s most promising future leaders to grow and strengthen the movement for educational equity and excellence. As a leadership development organization, Teach For America – Chicago-Northwest Indiana will work in partnership with others by fostering diverse and talented education leaders, igniting our community to lead together, and building an enduring organization that can sustain the fight for educational equity for the long haul. With a local member base of over 3,000, including 1,100 teachers, 90 school leaders, system level leaders, and non-profit leaders, and a staff of 35, we are positioned to work alongside the Chicago-Northwest Indiana community to ensure that the students of today become leaders of tomorrow. WE ARE DEEPLY COMMITTED TO DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION Teach For America encourages individuals of all ethnic, racial, and socioeconomic backgrounds to apply for this position. We are committed to maximizing the diversity of our organization, as we want to engage all those who can contribute to this effort. Teach For America is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. _This job description reflects Teach For America's assignment of essential functions and qualifications of the role. Nothing in this herein restricts management's right to assign, reassign or eliminate duties and responsibilities to this role at any time._ NEXT STEPS Interested in this position? Apply now! Scroll down to the bottom of the page to find the link to the online application. In addition to completing the online application all applicants must complete the applicant activity found at this link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc6DnJb_yM44tLRNkOsT47rZbb5NiEp0f8kqTmBgZ4ceG5dFw/viewform?usp=sf_link If you still have questions regarding the role, feel free to contact our recruitment team at staffing@teachforamerica.org or visit www.teachforamerica.org/about-us/careers. Share | |
Education and Learning Associate: SmithBucklin, the leading Association Management Company, will be looking to add an entry-level Education and Learning Associate to the Education & Learning Services (ELS) team in Chicago in the near future. The ELS unit plays a critical role in client growth by developing education and certification programs for client members in collaboration with volunteer subject matter experts. Through the team's work on education strategy development, committee management, speaker training, and instructional design, we are able to meet the unique educational needs of each client organization's members. _Please note that this is not an available role at this time, but we anticipate hiring in the coming weeks._ What You Will Do Apply the use of all eLearning and technology tools to support client education initiatives, including a variety of abstract management tools, eLearning development software, web-conferencing tools and live capture/recording tools Serve as an education liaison to association members, volunteers and speakers Provide speaker, reviewer and volunteer training and support as needed to ensure that the educational goals are met in developing programs Assist in providing content for client newsletters and email blasts as well as developing agendas and meeting minutes Provide support in the acquisition or maintenance of certifications as needed, including application processes, test company outreach and online tool support Manage program-specific invoicing (speaker honoraria or expense reimbursement) Assist in the production of online training opportunities via eLearning courses, podcasts, webcasts and live capture at meetings Project administration including capturing meeting minutes, processing session evaluations (tabulation and basic analysis), providing customer service and overall client stewardship This Role Might Be for You If… You have a passion for continuing education and professional development and certification You are motivated by a fast-paced, multi-client environment You are flexible and adaptable, and enjoy diversity in your work You want to work alongside driven, supportive and caring colleagues You possess excellent written and verbal communication skills You are detail-oriented with a strong proficiency in time management and organizational skills in handling multiple concurrent tasks You have the ability to travel 10-15% to attend educational events and client meetings Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year institution 0-1 year of relevant professional experience Preferred Qualifications Relevant internship experience or employment is highly preferred Experience in the association space is highly preferred Experience organizing and setting up meetings (conference calls, online, in person) is a plus Knowledge of certification/testing industry standards, testing vendor community is a plus Database management experience is a plus Proficiency with basic computer programming, including the Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) Where Do You Fit? Whether you are just beginning your career or are a mid- or senior-level professional, working at SmithBucklin will offer you countless opportunities to develop transferrable skills, acquire meaningful knowledge and gain rich experiences at an accelerated pace. By working collaboratively with smart, ambitious, multi-talented, genuine and hardworking colleagues, you will build meaningful, deep and enduring relationships that will serve you well throughout your career, regardless of your chosen path. In addition, as a 100 percent employee-owned company, SmithBucklin offers all of our people – regardless of position or compensation – an equal chance to experience the fulfillment and reap the benefits of ownership. As owners, our employees control the destiny of SmithBucklin and are unified in the goal of building a great, enduring company. Equal Employment Opportunity At SmithBucklin Corporation, Equal Employment Opportunity is our commitment and goal. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other protected status designated by federal, state or local law. Applicants are encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a reference and background investigation based on position.
PINK Sales and Support Generalist-N Michigan Avenue: Description The Sales Specialist drives sales growth by personally selling deep and across all product categories and delivering emotionally engaging customer experiences consistent with the brand vision. The Sales Specialist promotes a high-performance selling culture by inspiring, supporting and mentoring peers. Key Responsibilities: Drives top line store sales and growth by personally selling to customers Moves with intention throughout the store, connecting with multiple customers Proactively engages with customers, reads cues and responds effectively Creates a memorable connection by asking effective questions to identify customer needs and make compelling bra and additional product category recommendations Uses confident selling statements and is effective at overcoming customer objections Provides customers with the perfect bra fit by asking effective questions, taking a measurement, or conducting a fitting Displays expert product knowledge and takes initiative to elevate personal and peer knowledge of product categories Participates in sales goal setting with manager and tracks individual performance towards the goal Makes it a priority to understand the business and offers suggestions on how the store can be more productive Creates an enthusiasm for selling strategies by inspiring, supporting and mentoring others selling behaviors Assists in training of new associates, serving as a shadow partner Delivers a friendly and efficient cash wrap experience processing customer transactions accurately and efficiently at the Point of Sale (POS) or Mobile Register, as needed All associate roles at Victoria s Secret are responsible for: Driving top line store sales results and growing the business through action and productivity Maintaining a focus on bras as the premier product differentiator, to build loyalty and support our "Best at Bras" culture Creating customer awareness of programs available to them, (i. e. Victoria s Secret Angel Card (US only), phone and email capture) to build customer loyalty, when applicable Setting personal goals and tracking individual and team performance to the goals Preparing for each shift by maintaining awareness of all sales, promotions and applicable ringing procedures Taking initiative to recover and replenish merchandise, so it is available to sell Understanding and adhering to visual merchandising brand standards Assisting in housekeeping of sales floor and communicating maintenance issues Keeping an awareness of, and building personal capability in, loss prevention Reinforcing store strategy to reduce shrink Supporting all activities related to providing a safe working environment Understanding and demonstrating Company values Qualifications Exhibits an authentic desire to exceed the customers expectations Persuasive, builds enthusiasm, and inspires the customer to buy Proven ability to meet or exceed sales goals preferred Demonstrates a sense of urgency Has a healthy, competitive spirit, while maintaining a team focus Is resilient and bounces back quickly from setbacks Pursues opportunities to take on more responsibility Seeks out coaching from leaders and peers to improve productivity; leads own learning Schedule flexibility that includes evenings, weekends, holidays, and non-business hours
Background Investigator: Constellis was established in 2010 by a group of operators and investors who sought to combine best-in-class brands, assets and people within the complex risk management industry. Today, the leading provider of risk management and operational support services worldwide, Constellis combines the legacy capabilities and experience of ACADEMI, AMK9, Triple Canopy, Olive Group, OMNIPLEX, Centerra, Edinburgh International, Strategic Social and all of their affiliates. From life support, procurement, operations and maintenance to high-threat protection, training, C4I systems integration and crisis response, Constellis helps its clients achieve and sustain success, no matter where they are in the world. Constellis operates in approximately 40 countries with regional offices in Africa, the Americas, Europe and the Middle East. Constellis is headquartered just outside of Washington, D.C. in Reston, VA POSITION: Background Investigator RESPONSIBILITIES: Conduct federal background investigations and prepare reports of investigations in compliance with ICD 704 standards, all laws, and other required federal agency regulations. Work cases throughout the geographic area of responsibility and travel to various places of employment, residence and education institutions. QUALIFICATIONS: U.S. Citizenship; H.S. Diploma or equivalent; Minimum of three (3) years within the last ten (10) years of investigations experience at the federal, state, or local level of government; Experience conducting one-on-one subject interviews is required; Reliable personal vehicle, valid driver's license, and satisfactory driving record; Willing to travel on temporary duty assignments as needed (by car or plane); Successfully pass background checks and all required training; Current (within the last 2 years) Single Scope Background Investigation (SSBI) or active Secret level security clearance based on an SSBI and able to obtain the required security clearance. WHY CONSTELLIS? With operations across every major continent and an annual revenue of $1.7 billion dollars, Constellis provides a wide array of opportunities for individuals looking to build successful careers in a fast-paced, growing industry. Legal, moral and ethical business practices remain at the cornerstone of our culture and Constellis continues to be recognized for our emphasis on quality and compliance. This strong track-record of performance is supported by our deep relationships across key government agencies and blue chip commercial customers. With more than 21,000 personnel worldwide, the majority of whom are military or law enforcement veterans, we leverage our employees' ambition and passion for creating a safer world. Our extensive operational expertise is augmented by our intimate knowledge of economies, communities and cultures. As a result, we share a willingness to support complex operations in some of the world's most demanding places. BENEFITS: Constellis offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation, a flexible benefits package, work-life balance, and tailored career development programs that reflect its commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Medical, Vision & Dental Insurance Paid Time-Off Program & Company Paid Holidays 401(k) Retirement Plan Insurance: Basic Life & Supplemental Life Health & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Personal Development & Learning Opportunities On-the-job Training, Skills Development & Certifications Employee Referral Program Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach WORKING CONDITIONS: Work is typically based in a busy office environment and subject to frequent interruptions. Business work hours are Monday through Friday from 9 am to 6 pm, however, some extended or weekend hours may be required. The position does not require regular travel. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: May be required to lift and carry awkward items weighing up to 25 lbs. Requires intermittent standing, walking, sitting, squatting, stretching and bending throughout the workday. Equal Opportunity Employer Race/Color/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Vet Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Store Phone Operator: What does a Best Buy Store Phone Operator do? Best Buy Store Phone Operator excels at providing over-the-phone support, while maintaining close working relationships with neighboring stores. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development. The Best Buy Store Phone Operator provides fast and friendly over-the-phone support for all customers. Develops strong rapport with the customer while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Represents and partners with surrounding locations to ensure the customer's needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes relevant resources to assist customers in answering questions or resolving their issues. Job responsibilities include: Engage the customer using soft skills while solving issues, providing solutions, and customer support over the phone. Use cross-functional company resources and tools to meet customer needs. Understand basic Checkout, Customer Service (Price Match, Returns/Exchanges) and Store Pickup processes as outlined in SOP and policies listed on BestBuy.com. Ability to speak to weekly/daily promotions and offers. Maintain a knowledgeable partnership with nearby retail locations and associates. Accountable for driving positive customer feedback (NPS) survey results. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Store Phone Operator? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Deep Learning Engineer (Satellite Imaging): Interested in computer vision and Deep Learning? Want to be able to gain some valuable experience on a long-term contract with a well-established company downtown? The aim of this project is to establish image classification via satellite to better assess company assets. Deep learning is a huge buzzword with not very many places knowing how to implement it. This company is different. They have a huge presence in their industry and have spent a lot of time and money putting together a team to optimize the way that they run their multi-billion-dollar business. If you’re a machine learning professional or you’re coming out of one of the few local companies utilizing Deep Learning in production and you want to push your knowledge in the field, send me your resume and let’s talk! Required Skills & Experience Solid professional experience using Python, C++, and C in a production environment Tensorflow or PyTorch for dataflow programming Excellent understanding of computer vision OpenCV experience Experience managing and manipulating data sets Experience establishing Neural Networks Desired Skills & Experience Understanding of/experience with Lua or Go is a big plus Strong Machine Learning experience doesn’t hurt Prior experience working with IoT connected devices or self-operating machinery What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 75% Object category recognition 25% image processing Daily Responsibilities 100% Hands On The Offer Competitive Pay: Up to $80/hour, DOE Contract Duration: 12+ Months You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance & Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.
 At-Risk Student Coordinator: At-Risk Student Coordinator ( Job Number: 180001YB ) Description POSITION OVERVIEW The At-Risk Student Coordinator has a portfolio of students who have been identified based on attendance, performance, and discipline challenges. The At-Risk Student Coordinator provides case management and support to students within their portfolio, builds high quality, supportive and challenging relationships, and connects with other adults in their life to help support holistic strategies for development and success. The At-Risk Student Coordinator utilizes strategies such as home visits, coordinating with classroom teachers and clinical professionals, familiarizing themselves with afterschool and out-of-school supports, etc., to develop a holistic understanding of students’ learning, home, and social context. The At-Risk Student Coordinator must be able to work with multiple stakeholders, independently build strong relationships among them and be self-directed in purpose while holding student achievement at the center. The At-Risk Student Coordinator will review and analyze student-level data to understand and report on the effectiveness of interventions for students on their case load. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Case management for targeted students who have had behavior infractions or are referred including intakes, connecting students with appropriate support and intervention, ongoing follow up, and building relationships with students’ families, teachers, and other stakeholders Through home visits, relationship building at Manley, and other referral processes, identify, follow up with, and create intervention plans for students whose are not attending school Case management and oversight of the re-entry process for all students who are returning to Manley from a suspension, home stay, or other long term leave of absence Participation on the Clinical Care Team Leadership role in meetings with security guards and other Advocate Associate to review individual students and make sure that interventions are impactful Utilize data systems to track student performance, progress to goals, and to drive additional intervention recommendations REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's degree (BA) from a four-year college or university Minimum 3 years experience working with young people and family members Flexibility with evening hours Experience taking initiative in complex environments and systems Strong ability to build relationships with students, parents, and teachers Experience and comfort having critical conversations with students that move them toward realistic goals and next steps Detail oriented and data savvy Able to maintain multiple, deep relationships with students and adults at one time.
Principal Data Scientist(Clinical Data/EMR/NLP/Deep Learning)-PS10509: _Your Talent. Our Vision._ At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care. This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company. This position is preferred being located in Chicago, IL or Atlanta, GA. Lead the development and implementation of machine learning algorithms and techniques to solve business problems and optimize member experiences. Serve as the `methodology-expert¿ on the team and provide guidelines to team for applying appropriate algorithms or solutions to tackle different problems. Coach junior team members on various data science techniques. Keep abreast of the latest enhancements and innovations within the areas of data science and big data processing. Primary duties may include are but not limited to: Champion the design & execution of machine learning projects to address specific business problems determined by consultation with business partners. Provide guidance to the team on working with data-sets of varying degrees of size and complexity including both structured and unstructured data. Piping and processing massive data-streams in distributed computing environments such as Hadoop to facilitate analysis. Implements batch and real-time model scoring to drive actions. Develops proprietary machine learning algorithms to build customized solutions that go beyond standard industry tools and lead to innovative solutions. Develop sophisticated visualization of analysis output for business users. Publish results and address constraints/limitations with business partners. Provides high-level controllership/evaluation of all output produced to ensure established targets are met. Determines the continuous improvement opportunities of current predictive modeling algorithms. Proactively collaborates with business partners to determine identified population segments and develop actionable plans to enable the identification of patterns related to quality, use, cost and other variables.
Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Manager, Learning & Development Operations: The National Restaurant Association has unique opportunity for a solutions- driven and highly collaborative Manager of Learning & Development Operations. As an integral member of our Product Development team, you will be responsible for deploying and managing the Association’s online training and certification products in its licensed learning systems and supporting development, testing, and staging environments. The learning products offered by the National Restaurant Association reach over a million students a year, providing our global audience with innovative, engaging training across multiple platforms. We produce a wide range of products, from textbooks to custom online courses to mobile applications. Leading the creation and implementation of the processes and protocols by which our product and exam development teams engage with the systems and assets, you will be expected to evaluate, implement, and manage systems to provide the best possible user experience while ensuring the organization’s strategic product goals are met. Position requires proven experience with learning management, exam management, and digital-development technologies as well as process development, plus an ability to ensure the execution and organization of a large volume of information in accessible, simple ways. Ideal candidates bring minimum eight years of experience in LMS administration and/or deployment of digital learning and deep functional knowledge of digital education delivery tools, including LMS and eLearning authoring tools. Must bring a highly collaborative and team-driven spirit, and an eagerness to drive results in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment. Responsibilities: Work as part of the Learning & Development team to accomplish Association goals. Assist the Vice President, Learning & Development, to accomplish departmental goals; collaborate and support other functional leaders in the L&D team. Support all internal team members and departments following the Association mission and values while promoting Association culture. Manage the deployment of the Association’s licensed content-development and learning systems, ensuring the systems are organized and leveraged to maximum efficiency. Direct change management related to systems, including but not limited to training and process development. Oversee the development and implementation of processes to ensure the deployment of products, exams, roles, and reporting as specified by product managers. Identify opportunities for improvements within the systems to maximize use and streamline user experience (both internal and external). Establish guidelines and protocols for developing and publishing product and exam assets; develops archiving and analytics that support business goals Collaborate with IT to oversee system upgrades and system licensing; trains internal users, members, and clients as needed in LMS administration; troubleshoots and offers technical support for internal staff when needed Defines and leads the testing / QA process for digital deployments from development through staging, including UAT. Work cross-functionally with other departments, maintaining critical relationships with the other leaders in Learning & Development, Exam Development, Customer Service, Sales, and IT to ensure our division is positioned to achieve its strategic goals. Consult as required to help with system integrations and client-specific needs (both internal and external). Proactively research and track trends in the digital education sphere to ensure systems are current and positioned for future success. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in IT, Educational Technology, Curriculum Design, or related field. Strong communication skills verbal, written and presentation. Self-motivated, customer focused, and strong ability to build collaborative partnerships. Ability to drive efforts to completion while motivating a team in a positive manner. Sound business judgment; accurately identify situations that require upper-management consultation from those that allow for independent decision-making Ability to troubleshoot technology-related challenges with calm and a methodical escalation process. Computer proficiency across MS Office including strong Excel and PowerPoint skills; ability to learn other computer software programs as needed. Highly adaptable, flexible; responsive and accepting of change. Strong interpersonal and diplomacy skills. Highly effective organizational, time-management, prioritization and documentation skills. Sees big picture, connecting daily activity with long-term goals. Ability to cope with change and ambiguity occurring at a fast pace. Ability to accept constructive feedback from team members and supervisors; address conflict professionally and productively.
 Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Associate Media Director, Human Experience Strategy: Job Description Collaborating with the VP, Director of Human Experience Strategy, the Associate Director will lead brand marketing initiatives for a classing financial industry client. Including but not limited to: qualitative research, consumer insights, and translating data into exceptional storytelling across a multitude of media channels (digital, mobile, social). The ideal candidate is obsessed with learning, is naturally curious, and culturally savvy. The main focus of this role is to uncover insights into cultural trends and human behavior that clients cannot find on their own. As the Associate Director of Human Experience Strategy, you will go beyond identifying insight to inspire communications planning across several teams. Therefore, the ability to communicate complex ideas both written and verbally to clients, internal partners, and venders across a multitude of agency disciplines is a must. This is a senior level role requiring at least five years of directly related experience. This is an energetic, supportive and collaborative team that greatly values creative and innovative thinking, career growth, and respect for diverse perspectives. RESPONSIBILITIES: PART STRATEGIC LEADER Have a strong point of view on brands, consumer and category – with a constant pulse on what is current Feel comfortable asking the right questions and making the complex simple to deliver clarity for clients and internal team Identify brand challenges before they happen and have a sense on how to approach them Experience in audience-centric communications planning is preferred but not a requirement, but we would like you to have influenced strategic work in non-traditional environments (digital, mobile, social) PART DATA TRANSLATOR Champion use of data-driven insights and educate internal team on rigor in developing such work Proven track record of triangulating insight beyond fact/observation Familiarity with the design, application, and analysis of a wide range of qualitative and quantitative research techniques Can navigate syndicated and first party data with ease – collaborating with research, analytics and client teams to ensure that at the core of every plan, there’s human insight guiding our actions Experience with or an understanding of the majority of the following tools and sources or similar: Gfk MRI, Comscore, Resonate, GWI, Mintel, Forrester, Contagious, eMarketer, Crimson Hexagon, YouGov, WARC, and Google Analytics Familiarity with deriving insight from a DMP PART CATALYST & INSPIRATION Be prepared and willing to navigate uncharted waters Using creative problem solving and human-centered thinking, proactively push client and partner agencies to innovate and think beyond what’s been done Possess the ability to look at the same information as everyone else and see something different A track record of experience in idea generation and refinement. Be able to work collaboratively and speak the language of any partner agency or internal team
HSS Specialist: Purpose of the Role: The HSS Specialist will be responsible for helping to drive sales in the Humanities and Social Science higher education markets. While the position involves providing valuable feedback to marketing and editorial teams, the primary focus is on driving sales through active support of sales representatives and managers in the field. The Specialist is expected to travel as needed, especially during the primary selling seasons. Travel also includes regional and national conferences, as well as various training, marketing, and sales events. There is also a significant training component to this position. Responsibilities: SALES Collaborate with sales representatives, sales managers, marketing managers and others to identify and develop key sales targets. Assist in exceeding annual sales goals by working extensively to close priority sales targets. Serve as a key resource for sales presentations and provide training to adopters of our digital products. PRODUCT KNOWLEDGE Develop in-depth product knowledge of the HSS product lines identified as critical to a territory’s success in a given year. Develop in-depth knowledge of competitors’ products in markets that are key to the territory’s growth and success. MARKET DEVELOPMENT, PLANNING, AND GROWTH Work with Publishers, Editors, Marketing Managers, and National Consultants to develop successful strategies designed to gain market share. Communicate and reinforce those strategies at regional and national meetings, and during work trips in the field with sales representatives. Provide ongoing research and feedback on products, trends, and other developments in the field to sales management, marketing and editorial via Trip Reports and consistent usage of the CRM. Assist with the planning and support of national, regional, and local meetings and impact events. Provide leadership, training and support for sales representatives with regards to new company initiatives and products. Skills/Experience Required: A minimum of three years of successful college publishing experience, with demonstrated success in the Humanities and/or Social Science disciplines. Ability to work well both independently and collaboratively with sales management, sales representatives, editors and marketing managers. Excellent interpersonal, communication, presentation, and relationship-building skills. Available to travel extensively and flexibly.
 Support Analyst: Here @ Strata… We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our unique culture is driven by a social, hardworking environment full of talented people solving problems together. We embrace learning, cross-team collaboration, and continuous career growth. Lifting each other to lift our clients, our product, our company. If being part of a fun, fast-moving, innovative team is what you seek? Keep reading. We look for someone who: Is Service-Centric: Someone who desires to make an impact in and outside of our office. We look for service minded people to support our customers, each other and our community. Has a Growth Mindset: Driven to own your individual learning and development (We’ll help you - we have a team dedicated to training you and providing extra educational resources). Rocks Impact : Thinks two steps ahead to ensure the work we do will solve problems and make a difference. Will be a StrataPro: Accountable. Prepared. Positive. Core to who we are and how we treat one another. What you’ll do in this role: As a Support Analyst, you will have the opportunity to provide strategic technical guidance to both our clients and Strata’s staff. You will gain a deep understanding on a variety of cutting-edge technologies and acquire a deep understanding of Strata’s software and system architectures. In addition, you will collaborate with our development, consulting, and quality assurance teams to ensure that the product is aligned with client needs and meets Strata's high quality of standards. Quickly and accurately resolves client issues related to their user desktops Assumes responsibilities of Help Desk Triage role when needed due to staffing or volume Handles communication with the client from the point that an issue is assigned until the issue is resolved Documents all client communication and all changes or updates made to client databases Some afterhours work required Your accomplishments include: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in a related field (i.e. Health Administration, Business, Finance, Engineering, or Computer Science) Professional and/or academic background in SQL and relational database concepts Professional and/or academic background with web-based applications Excellent problem solving, analytical, and communication skills Strong self-motivation, and the ability to work effectively with limited guidance when necessary
Computer Vision Engineer (Deep Learning/Satellite Imaging): Interested in computer vision and Deep Learning? Want to be able to gain some valuable experience on a long-term contract with a well-established company downtown? The aim of this project is to establish image classification via satellite to better assess company assets. Deep learning is a huge buzzword with not very many places knowing how to implement it. This company is different. They have a huge presence in their industry and have spent a lot of time and money putting together a team to optimize the way that they run their multi-billion-dollar business. If you’re a machine learning professional or you’re coming out of one of the few local companies utilizing Deep Learning in production and you want to push your knowledge in the field, send me your resume and let’s talk! Required Skills & Experience Solid professional experience using Python, C++, and C in a production environment Tensorflow or PyTorch for dataflow programming Excellent understanding of computer vision OpenCV experience Experience managing and manipulating data sets Experience establishing Neural Networks Desired Skills & Experience Understanding of/experience with Lua or Go is a big plus Strong Machine Learning experience doesn’t hurt Prior experience working with IoT connected devices or self-operating machinery What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 75% Object category recognition 25% image processing Daily Responsibilities 100% Hands On The Offer Competitive Pay: Up to $80/hour, DOE Contract Duration: 12+ Months You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance & Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.
Director of Talent Development: Market Track is actively strengthening our global talent culture and is seeking a Director of Talent Development to lead the on-boarding, career development management and leadership strategy and programs. The role will report directly to the Vice President of Talent and Human Resources and be responsible for aligning business objectives with our global footprint of employees and managers. Our footprint extends into multiple US markets, as well as the international markets of Canada, Jamaica, India, Philippines, and Australia. We are seeking an innovative, visionary, and emotionally intelligent director for Market Tracks global talent development function to lead and evolve its strategies, practices and systems, inspire and develop the talent development team, and partner with the organization to deliver Market Tracks vision for its workforce. As an integral member of the HR leadership team, the Director will handle the design and delivery of an integrated global talent development strategy, including talent development programs that drive engagement and alignment, specific talent development strategies to ensure targeted learning paths for Market Track employees, and key talent metrics to drive impact. Job Responsibilities: Develop strategies and programs to strengthen individual skills and competencies, and drive a culture of excellence and continuous learning and improvement. Assess the organization’s learning and development needs across all levels; identify and prioritize mission critical skills; recommend, develop, and implement customized learning paths to deliver against Market Tracks’s vision for its workforce. Build and maintain a cohesive and integrated set of learning and development programs that create a compelling employee experience throughout the employee lifecycle; ensure learning and development practices are inclusive. Champion employee learning and development in a way that allows them to own their future and careers; partner across programs, departments, and units to think about new ways to define career development within Market Track. Manage, develop, and coach the talent development team to ensure continuous learning, promote innovation, and foster collaboration across HR functions and the Market Track network. Develop and manage talent management and development dashboard and metrics; establish and track metrics to measure the efficiency and effectiveness of the programs; take proactive measures to address deficiencies. Create systems, tools, and processes that provide a feedback loop that makes employee and managers satisfaction data accessible and actionable. May need to travel up to 30% of the time. Participates on committees and special projects and seeks additional responsibilities. Competencies: Team Management Business Acumen Communication Consultation Critical Evaluation Global & Cultural Awareness HR Expertise Leadership & Navigation Relationship Management Ethical Practice The ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of experience developing and delivering corporate training solutions and managing a talent development function in a multi unit organization. The successful candidate will need: Strong record of delivering complex, multi-disciplined programs, including culture change and team effectiveness Deep expertise in developing corporate training solutions at all levels in a global organization The ability to thrive in a fast-changing, fast-paced, and consultative environment The ability to build strong relationships with senior leaders Uncompromising integrity and a desire to work in a mission-driven environment To be highly collaborative; equally effective as a team leader and a team player Adept at leading initiatives across HR functions, bringing to bear a strategic approach, and strong problem solving skills To be comfortable making decisions with sometimes limited and/or conflicting information
CC - Consultant - CPR - New York: CC - Consultant - CPR - New York - 037368 Description The Practice Capgemini Consulting (CC) is the autonomous global strategy and transformation consulting Business Unit of the Capgemini Group. As a leader in business transformation, Capgemini Consulting has a collaborative approach to designing and implementing transformation programs. Comprised of more than 4,000 consultants in over 30 countries, our global network of strategy and transformation experts partner with C-suite Executives to develop and implement effective strategies to address critical business issues. Capgemini Consulting North America (CC NA) operates as an independent national practice with approximately 240 consultants. Our size and strong growth ambition couple to give us a pure entrepreneurial spirit. With the support of a broader global organization. Capgemini Consulting offers: Management consulting focus on strategy, development and execution A community of bright, highly-motivated professionals An entrepreneurial environment which allows great opportunity for motivated leaders to have a marked impact in developing and growing the community A fun, team-oriented, go-getting environment with a focus on working in and supporting the communities where we live The opportunity for you to own your career and actively participate in your professional development Capgemini Consulting serves industries such as: Consumer Products, Distribution, Financial Services, High Tech, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Oil & Gas, and Retail. We deliver sector-focused solutions across the following capability areas: Corporate Strategy, Business Model Transformation, Operational Excellence, and Digital Customer Experience. All of our work is supported by the concept of Digital Transformation. Hub office locations are Atlanta, Chicago, Houston, New York and South San Francisco. Please visit our website at: www.capgemini-consulting.com In this position, you will be challenged on an assortment of projects across our market units, providing you depth and breadth of knowledge and experience. Our growth ambition and collaborative approach to work with clients combine to create a business culture that allows new consultants to dive right in and become an integral part of the team immediately. The entrepreneurial working style and size of our practice allows you to create a name for yourself, shine early on and have a significant impact on our clients and on our company. Scope & Responsibilities A Consultant at Capgemini will focus on the analysis, design and development of functional solutions for clients in a team environment. He/she will work alongside functional and industry specialists to assist with the creation of functional deliverables using established processes and procedures. He/she will contribute to client satisfaction by providing timely and responsive value-added services and work products and use individual functional knowledge to ensure work products and deliverables are of the highest caliber to ensure client satisfaction. Responsibilities include: Conduct primary and secondary research to create content for analysis Execute analysis and demonstrate core business skills Communicate work procedures and status of work clearly to senior project members and clients Develop client-ready deliverables through heavy use of PowerPoint and Excel, among other Microsoft Office products Support senior project members in project management activities Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant: http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law Qualifications Requirements The candidate must possess: An ideal candidate is motivated to deliver high quality work to drive customer satisfaction. This person uses their intellect, insight and the ability to influence to build creative solutions with clients and colleagues while embracing a collaborative mind-set. Additional requirements include: 0-2 years post-undergraduate experience at an established management consulting and/or industry firm Excellent written/oral communication and interpersonal skills, fluent in English Strong Microsoft Office suite skills: Word, Excel, and PowerPoint (Visio and Access are pluses) Strong presence with good relationship-building and interpersonal skills Undergraduate degree required About Your Career This position presents a unique career opportunity to work within a start-up setting within a large multi-national organization. Capgemini Consulting offers its consultants a REAL Opportunity to build strong relationships, gain depth and breadth of experience, add value to our business and our clients while continuously learning and growing professionally and personally. Embracing the new challenges of your career with Capgemini Consulting immediately places you in a high-performance environment where you will work on solving seemingly unsolvable problems with innovative means and adopting bold approaches to deliver results for our clients. About Capgemini Group A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate). Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count. Capgemini has a competitive benefits package that includes Health, Dental, group life insurance, short and long term disability, group automobile, homeowners, and legal plan insurance, as well as competitive salaries and profit sharing/401(k) plan. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship. Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant: http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equalemployment-opportunity-is-the-law Schedule : Full-time Primary Location : US-IL-Chicago Organization : People Practice North America
Office Services Assistant: Our mission is clear. We go deep to unlock insight and have the courage to act. We bring the right people together to challenge established thinking and drive transformation. We work with our clients to build the capabilities that enable organizations to achieve sustainable advantage. We are shaping the future. Together. …And we are looking for an Office Services Assistant to add to our team!
Scrum Master: Donnelley Financial Solutions (NYSE: DFIN) provides software and services that enable clients to communicate with confidence in a complex regulatory environment. With 3,500 employees in 61 locations across 18 countries, we provide thousands of clients globally with innovative tools for content creation, management and distribution, as well as data analytics and multi- lingual translations services. Leveraging advanced technology, deep-domain expertise and 24/7 support, we deliver cost-effective solutions to meet the evolving needs of our clients. Position Description The Scrum Master is a servant-leader for the Scrum Team. The Scrum Master helps those outside the Scrum Team understand which of their interactions with the Scrum Team are helpful and which aren’t. The Scrum Master helps everyone change these interactions to maximize the value created by the Scrum Team The Scrum Master serves the Product Owner in several ways, including: Ensuring that goals, scope, and product domain are understood by everyone on the Scrum Team as well as possible; Finding techniques for effective Product Backlog management; Helping the Scrum Team understand the need for clear and concise Product Backlog items; Understanding product planning in an empirical environment; Ensuring the Product Owner knows how to arrange the Product Backlog to maximize value; Understanding and practicing agility; and, Facilitating Scrum events as requested or needed. Responsibilities The Scrum Master serves the Development Team in several ways, including: Coaching the Development Team in self-organization and cross-functionality; Helping the Development Team to create high-value products; Removing impediments to the Development Team’s progress; Facilitating Scrum events as requested or needed; and, Coaching the Development Team in organizational environments in which Scrum is not yet fully adopted and understood. The Scrum Master serves the organization in several ways, including: Leading and coaching the organization in its Scrum adoption; Planning Scrum implementations within the organization; Helping employees and stakeholders understand and enact Scrum and empirical product development; Causing change that increases the productivity of the Scrum Team; and, Working with other Scrum Masters to increase the effectiveness of the application of Scrum in the organization Qualifications 2+ years’ experience in a Scrum Master role. Commitment to continual improvement – Must continually be growing one’s craft by learning new practices and techniques to better serve your teams. Commitment to empiricism – Must help teams bring transparency to the Scrum Artifacts so that teams can inspect and adapt their work and progress towards their Sprint Goal continuously. Nice to Have Certifications: Professional Scrum Master (PSM) I, II, or III – Scrum.org Certified Scrum Professional (CSP) – Scrum Alliance It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select, place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, actual or perceived disability, veteran's status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfsco.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequests@dfsco.com.
Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Drilling Instructor: Are you interested in training the next generation of safety and performance oriented drill crews? Maersk Training, a leading learning provider to the global Oil & Gas and offshore related industries, is looking for the right people with potential, ability and willingness to pass on experience and competences to drilling operations worldwide. We are looking for ambitious individuals to join Maersk Training in Houston or Midland. We offer In this exciting and challenging high tech simulation environment, you will gain a higher level of technical drilling competences improving your professional profile. You do not need to be an experienced trainer as we will coach you in developing the necessary pedagogical skills. Key responsibilities The focus will be developing and conducting courses within offshore drilling for our key oil and gas clients. Based in Houston or Midland, possibility of minimal travel. The successful candidates will be part of our innovative departments, constantly working with the development of new state-of-the-art simulators, in accordance with industry requirements. Responsibilities include: Conducting IADC/IWCF Well Control training Operational and expert interfacing with key clients Course and product development Advanced Well Control training Advanced simulator training We are looking for Dynamic individuals who have: Preferable Drilling Engineering background Practical experience in drilling for oil & gas onshore or offshore in a supervisory position Preferable high pressure and high temperature drilling experience Desirable experience in deep water drilling Valid IWCF or IADC Well Control Sub Sea Supervisor Level Certificate or any comparable certification OIM or Captain experience is a plus Land Drilling experience is a plus Mathematical skills and basic education sufficient to match instructor challenges – Degree is a plus Be fluent in English, both written and verbal
Drilling Instructor Consultants: Are you interested in training the next generation of safety and performance oriented drill crews? Maersk Training, a leading learning provider to the global Oil & Gas and offshore related industries, is looking for the right people with potential, ability and willingness to pass on experience and competences to drilling operations worldwide. We are looking for ambitious individuals to join Maersk Training in Houston. We offer As an independent contractor, you will gain a higher level of technical drilling competences improving your professional profile as Drilling Instructor in this exciting and challenging high tech simulation environment. You do not need to be an experienced trainer as we will coach you in developing the necessary pedagogical skills. Key responsibilities The focus will be developing and conducting courses within offshore drilling for our key oil and gas clients. Based in Houston or Midland, possibility of minimal travel. The successful candidates will be part of our innovative departments, constantly working with the development of new state-of-the-art simulators, in accordance with industry requirements. Responsibilities include: Conducting IADC/IWCF Well Control training Operational and expert interfacing with key clients Course and product development Advanced Well Control training Advanced simulator training We are looking for Dynamic individuals who have: Preferable Drilling Engineering background Practical experience in drilling for oil & gas onshore or offshore in a supervisory position Preferable high pressure and high temperature drilling experience Desirable experience in deep water drilling Valid IWCF or IADC Well Control Sub Sea Supervisor Level Certificate or any comparable certification OIM or Captain experience is a plus Land Drilling experience is a plus Mathematical skills and basic education sufficient to match instructor challenges – Degree is a plus Be fluent in English, both written and verbal
 Associate: Meet Marx|Okubo. Are you someone that has insatiable curiosity, always digging deeper to understand or innovate? Do you thrive when collaborating with others? Founded over 35 years ago, Marx|Okubo is an employee-owned architecture, engineering and construction consulting firm with nine offices across the country. We work with real estate owners, investors and lenders—at every point of the property lifecycle—to evaluate their building projects, solve complex challenges and implement tailored solutions. We help clients understand their projects’ complexities so they can make more informed decisions and, ultimately, mitigate their risk. Because of our need to uncover details with a 360-view, as well as continually evolve and hold ourselves—and the industry—to a higher standard, we have earned a reputation as “the gold standard” in what we do. Here at Marx|Okubo, we are a team of collaborative, bright and seasoned architects, engineers, construction and real estate professionals, with projects nationwide. We have broad technical expertise, yet deep local knowledge. We value collaboration, and we never stop learning. We truly value our different backgrounds and what each individual brings to the team. We genuinely care about and get to know our clients. And we care about balance—we are family-focused and work hard and play hard. As for loyalty, it is never lost on us and gets rewarded in many ways. What’s more? Our benefits happen to be some of the most progressive and competitive you will find in the industry. Here are a few highlights: Vested in you : As we are an ESOP, each employee owns a portion of the company. Planning for your future : We have a 30% match on 401(k) contributions. Staying healthy : We contribute 100% of employee health premiums. Commitment to your growth : We want to see our employees grow—when new positions arise, existing employees are considered first. Supporting education : We encourage continuing education and provide education/licensure/ tuition benefits. Position description An associate is a licensed architect, engineer or construction manager, and is responsible for understanding all aspects of the project being reviewed relative to its scope and client requirements. Act as technical team member and small project lead. Collaborate with the client, internal team, consultants and site contact; ultimately be responsible for an overall understanding of their project. Review and analyze building construction and condition. Review and analyze contract documents including drawings, specifications, contracts and budgets. Perform construction monitoring and property condition assessments. Preparation of formal reports. Our work covers most commercial building types, including office, retail, industrial, hotel/hospitality and multifamily. Desired skills and experience Bachelor’s degree in architecture, civil engineering, construction management or related field is required. Minimum 5 years of industry-related experience at an architecture, engineering or construction company. Technical level of understanding of most building types in order to perform services of the organization with limited supervision. Good understanding of construction processes and activities. Construction administration experience. Solid understanding of building materials and methods. Ability to work under deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Solid understanding of the technical aspects of building enclosures, structures, and systems. Knowledge of construction contract types and forms. Proficient in Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel. Proficient in AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Plan Grid and Box. Strong organizational skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. To apply, please submit your resume on our Career Center. Copy and paste this URL https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=marxokubo &ccId;=19000101_000001&type;=JS〈=en_US
 Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
SWAT Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist ensures inventory integrity in the store through a variety of inventory adjustments and data collection tools. The SWAT Specialist consistently and accurately completes and communicates stock count. They identify, determine and communicate high shrink categories. After identifying the root cause of replenishment issues, they follow up with leadership until the problem is resolved. Job responsibilities include: Executing the inventory integrity process from end to end completing inventory daily tasks as assigned communicating and coaching store employees and leadership on the importance of inventory integrity and any process gaps that were identified Other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy SWAT Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Global Account Executive: Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We empower our own people to achieve more and make a difference in the world. Join us and lead transformational impact with our top customers. The Strategic Global Account Executive at Microsoft serves as a critical interface to our most valued customers into the digital age. This role is vital to Microsoft’s competitive ambitions. Traditional sales engagement methods have evolved and customers are seeking consultative partnerships. This role will support a strategic, global organization in the Oil and Gas industry. Armed with world class cloud solutions, your role is to unlock the potential of enterprise customers by demonstrating clear business value accelerating their Digital Transformation and success. High level customer satisfaction is a key measure, as are revenue/consumption targets. Responsibilities The most successful Strategic Account Executives are ultra-resourceful, master orchestrators of virtual teams, and exceptionally curious to listen and learn from their customers. These attributes allow them to advise confidently and elevate their customer’s business. This role offers incredible opportunity to accelerate your career by driving business impact that can change the future. Be a part of a transformative, learning culture that drives innovation. It has never been a better time join Microsoft and see up close the digital revolution. Plan and present clear vision of customer success Collaborate closely with the field ATU/STU and management teams to build and own holistic customer plan detailing critical insights and new business opportunities. Critical that plan is made to evolve and continually vetted ensuring stated objectives. Strive for bold ambition and challenge convention. Build coalition and support of senior leadership teams in Redmond. Support the field through Digital War Room submissions and successful navigation of the process. Increase technical and industry acumen delivering innovative ideas to accelerate customer outcome success in the cloud. Execution Laser focus on business outcomes and driving aggressive revenue growth that propel customer satisfaction built around Digital Transformation. Consistent, repeatable achievement of revenue and consumption targets through disciplined pipeline, forecast management. Leverage and usage of key business insights to elevate customer conversation and action. World class customer service through alignment of customer objectives and plan to achieve. Deliver tangible solutions to customers solving for greater efficiencies, cost savings, and deep regard for Microsoft partnership. Qualifications Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Strong growth mindset. Seeks to solve for difficult customer challenges. Proven ability to lead, build trust and be highly credible across levels of organizations. A strong sales and business background, with 5-10+ years of technology-related experience Knowledge within Industry and ability to make confident recommendations at C-level, business decision makers. A Bachelor’s degree with exposure to Information Technology (or equivalent) is required; Profile Capabilities & Behaviors Required: Sales Achiever – Achieve results by understanding digital transformation drivers and customer priorities. Identify new opportunities and help customers accelerate their move to the digital age for their own benefit as well as their customers. Digital Transformation Driver – Anticipate market changes to drive industry-relevant solutions to customers, influencing BDMs and ITDMs, building trust with stakeholders and translating Microsoft solutions into business impact and outcomes that accelerate the customer’s digital transformation Sales Challenger – Continuously build industry and technical knowledge. Bring innovative industry solutions, benchmarks and references to C-level executives that drive greater efficiencies, optimization and increase customer satisfaction Deal Orchestrator – Orchestrate virtual selling team and all Microsoft resources maximizing revenue opportunity. Lead and drive entire sales cycle and leveraging repeatable offerings to accelerate and win deals At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and the lives of our employees. As our workforce evolves to reflect the growing diversity of our communities and the global marketplace, our efforts to understand, value, and incorporate differences become increasingly important. Come explore diversity at Microsoft! Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Technician/Agent. Geek Squad Advance Repair: Our Agents quickly and accurately diagnose client technology issues using specialty software and make solution-based recommendations to our clients in a timely fashion. This is a highly-coveted technology role that is perfect for geeks who thrive on both customer interaction and heads down troubleshooting. Geek Squad Advanced Repair Agents are highly regarded members of the team who are on a mission to rescue clients' software and hardware before time runs out. Key Accountabilities: Perform diagnostics and navigate requested and recommended repairs in a timely fashion Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client devices Partner with other team members to ensure proper documentation of client requests Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: 6+ months experience diagnosing, troubleshooting, or repairing technology products Experience actively using and learning about consumer electronics Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Services Advisor - Houston Galleria: Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all of our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Our Services Advisors are experts in showcasing and interacting with Microsoft devices and software, providing world class service at our Answer Desk in-store. Through these customer engagements, Services Advisors help both consumer and business customers to see what is possible with technology, ultimately empowering them to achieve more through one to one support, personal training sessions, and small group workshops. Responsibilities Customer Obsession Empathetically assess customer support needs through listening, diagnosing, and repairing their devices, helping customers discover, use, and love Microsoft hardware, software, and services\ Deliver collaborative and enrichening one-on-one training sessions to both consumer and business customers, helping them acquire the skills needed to enhance their knowledge around our products and services Technological Capability Identify and communicate potentially complex repair situations to store leadership as appropriate, maximizing time efficiency in resolution with a high-level attention to detail Continuously maintain technical knowledge by learning through others, along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Drive for Results Proactively assess customer’s needs and recommend complete solutions that enhances their overall customer experience Takes responsibility in delivering on commitments and seeks positive results that benefit customers, both externally and internally Collaboration Feel empowered to engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in our customers lives Combines resources and joins efforts with teammates to achieve store and company goals Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Qualifications Required Qualifications 1 year as a computer technician or helpdesk support or 1 year in a computer or technology education program Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Strong verbal & written communication skills and a high-level attention to detail Thrive in a fast-paced team oriented, dynamic, public-facing environment driven to achieve results Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative service environment Previous technology/product/software teaching or training experience Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Workforce Planning Analyst: LyondellBasell is seeking a Workforce Planning Analyst for one of the largest and most admired plastics, chemical and refining companies in the world. LyondellBasell is widely recognized within the industry with sales of $44 billion with 55 manufacturing sites across 5 continents. The position is located at the LyondellBasell Tower in downtown Houston just minutes from the Park Shops and Minute Maid stadium. The position offers a competitive base salary, annual bonus, excellent 401K match, generous benefits package, pension plan and employee discounts. The Workforce Planning Analyst will contribute to the company workforce strategy and contribute to execution of workforce planning tactics. The Analyst will design and develop workforce planning and HR analytics models, tools and procedures for company-wide implementation. Responsibilities will include the following: Conduct research and analysis of internal organizational information and external factors to develop human capital strategies to proactively respond to market and business changes. Provide strategic support to the HR function in the areas of people metrics, reporting, and advanced predictive analytic capabilities. Perform risk assessment of current workforce to provide solutions to mitigate potential risks Translate comprehensive statistical information to provide clear, concise, and intuitive insight/solutions for business challenges Support the strategy of integration of Diversity and Inclusion metrics into the workforce strategy Build and maintain company workforce data bases and research workforce trends. This position will report to the HR Director of Workforce Planning, based in the downtown Houston office. The ideal candidate is committed to learning and growing through challenging assignments. We are looking for individuals who: 1\. Are highly organized with great attention to detail while keeping the larger picture in mind 2\. Possess a high level of maturity, including the ability to appropriately maintain and keep sensitive information confidential 3\. Possess a consultative style and approach with the proven ability to develop credible relationships 4\. Can think strategically and translate concepts into actionable items 5\. Think critically through their work and continuously strive to gain deeper understanding 6\. Possess strong analytical acumen, deep technical hands-on expertise in data analytics, data modelling, data visualization, business intelligence, and automated reporting. 7\. Possess an expert skill level with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint 8\. Are self-motivated and able to work both independently and collaboratively REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Education Requirements Bachelor's degree in business administration, computer science, engineering, human resources, or closely related field is required. MBA is highly preferred. Minimum Qualifications 3+ years equivalent work experience in business environment including project management, quantitative analysis, forecasting, process improvement or market/competitive analysis required. LyondellBasell (NYSE: LYB) is one of the world’s largest plastics, chemical and refining companies and a member of the S&P; 500. LyondellBasell (www.lyondellbasell.com) manufactures products at 55 sites in 17 countries. LyondellBasell products and technologies are used to make items that improve the quality of life for people around the world including; packaging, electronics, automotive parts, home furnishings, construction materials and biofuels. Must be at least 18 years of age and must be legally authorized to work in the United States (US) on a permanent basis without visa sponsorship. LyondellBasell does not accept or retain unsolicited résumés or phone calls and/or respond to them or to any third party representing job seekers. LyondellBasell is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The US EEO is the Law poster is available here.
HPSS Tester: Job Description IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants enabling enterprises to make smarter decisions and providing unparalleled client and consumer experiences in cognitive, data analytics, cloud technology and mobile app development. With global reach, outcome-focused methodologies and deep industry expertise, IBM GBS empowers clients to digitally reinvent their business and get the competitive edge in the cognitive era in over 170 countries. Bottom line? We outthink ordinary. Discover what you can do at IBM. The Public Service Sector consulting practice is a trusted advisor to federal, state and local governments, partnering to meet challenges and responding quickly to citizen demands, business needs, new economic conditions, and changing legislative priorities and policies. The HPSS Tester will be responsible for creating test plans, developing test cases, test methods, and scripts, running and monitoring tests, writing test reports, and supporting other release management activities. The HPSS Tester responsibilities will include but are not limited to: Analyze HPSS features and functions, and design, draft, and develop corresponding test scenarios, test scripts and test cases. Create and execute functional system tests, review/analyze test results and open defects in Problem/Defect Management system. Create test data required for testing. Utilize version control software to review existing test cases/scripts and check-in new test cases/scripts Proactively review HPSS system designs and logs to identify opportunities to improve HPSS and lower the number of problems found after release. BENEFITS Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support, guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population. CAREER GROWTH Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal talent strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through: Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employee’s strengths and career aspirations Diversity of people: Diversity of thought driving collective innovation In 2015, Go Organic filled approximately 50% of our open positions with internal talent that were promoted into the role. CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients, and the communities we live, work, and play in! http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/initiatives.html http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/corporateservicecorps (2252) PSHJ Required Technical and Professional Expertise 3 years experience creating and executing functional system tests 3 years experience with UNIX shell scripting (Python, Ksh) 3 years experience with test script and test case development 3 years experience performing software inspections 3 years experience with Unix/Linux 3 years experience with systems integration and application integration (experience setting up Unix/Linux systems) Preferred Tech and Prof Experience 2 years experience with C coding 2 years experience with Open Source Software application 2 years experience assisting in the development of test plans Working knowledge of defect management tools, 2 years experience with test data creation for testing 2 years Experience with version control software and its use for test assets Experience with full-lifecycle testing methodology artifacts (e.g., Master Test Plan, Test Report), Industry knowledge of High Performance Computing, SANs, VFS, Infiniband, POSIX, SAMBA, Kerberos, LDAP, Unix security, 1 year experience with DB2 administration AIX administration Experience with service providers on top of AWS IaaS/PaaS offerings EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
 Operations Leader: Location: Fresno, Texas - United States Description: The operations leader has responsibility for all areas of production at Fresno, TX manufacturing facility. This key person is responsible for driving significant and sustainable performance, implement organizational strategies, standards and practices to achieve best-in-class performance in the following areas: Safety, Talent, Manufacturing excellence, Quality, Delivery, Environmental, Cost and Productivity within the plant. He/she will succeed by effectively engaging direct reports, operators and peers. He/she leads the creation and the execution of the operations strategy for the plant and is a member of the plant NLT team. The position reports directly to the plant leader and is an integral partner in executing the operations strategy for the plant. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Living the safety stand and adhering to safety responsibilities Ensures a safe, clean and environmentally compliant work place and builds a culture where safety is a priority Ensures that all control plans, work instructions, and other procedures related to the technical operation of the production lines are in place. Allocates resource requirements and investments required to achieve zero injuries, including systems, focused programs and leadership. Participates in work area self-inspections and accident investigations as well as recommends corrective actions to make the workplace safer. Leads and supports safety initiatives and processes to drive towards zero recordable injuries. Ensures a clear and effective measurement system is followed and used to drive results; rewards and celebrates safe behavior and achievements; ensures accountability. Metrics Recordable Incident Rate (RIR) Near-miss/first-aid reporting Safe/C6 Housekeeping Risk recognition programs Achieve customer satisfaction and quality commitments. Understand and communicate customer expectations throughout the Operations Department, and ensure all products meet customer standards and requirements. Create an environment where all employees are engaged, empowered and focused on serving our customers. Develop relationships with customers and understand what it takes to ensure OC produces products that they define as high quality, and assists in developing solutions for serving our customers. Interacts with customers and application engineers to better understand customer service expectations-translate those to the plant floor so we can meet or exceed Produce consistent quality products on time and at the lowest possible cost; operate with a zero-defect mindset. Managing Operations Determines department objectives and priorities in support of the Plant’s strategy and vision and develops teams to deliver results and ensure strong execution. Identify and drives continuous improvement efforts through standardized work to cut cost and improve productivity and quality. Set clear and measurable performance expectations, in line with plant goals; proactively analyzes and manages all relative operations performance metrics. Assign and coordinate the work in a manufacturing department to include supervising first line leaders, production leaders Lives the values and vision of the company and establishes an engaged production workforce characterized by mutual trust, open communications, teamwork, and recognition Ensures operational procedures exist and are followed to deliver product specifications and quality metrics are met to fulfill customers’ needs Ensures timely and accurate production to schedules to meet or exceed delivery to promise Prepares budgets relative to capital expenditures, man power, production, and facility improvements necessary to meet customer demands. Partners with relevant stakeholders to identify and address process improvement opportunities to eliminate waste, enhance safety, reduce cost, increase capacity and productivity and improve the end product. Operate with zero environmental non-conformities to applicable company, government and regulatory policies Partners with the Maintenance Leader to develop and implement Total Productive Maintenance plans and ensure employee engagement and ownership. Set expectations and support the quality and product measurement systems to provide a consistent quality product Uses various tools (Lean/Kaizen, etc.) to drive improved productivity and plant performance and build a lean culture Metrics Performance against operating plan Line performance Scorecards Cost per unit Environmental compliance / non-conformities Defects – goal of zero defects or failures to customer requirements Leading and Developing Talent Partners with shift resources and other relevant stakeholders to ensure production personnel is well trained and maintains current on any required certifications to perform the full scope of their job expectations Create an environment where talent is developed, and their full potential is realized. Plans, promotes and organizes training activities to constantly elevate the capabilities of our employees. Invest in the growth and development of direct reports Establishes clear and measurable performance expectations and holds direct reports accountable for delivering the goals Regularly evaluates the strengths and development opportunities of production personnel as well as invests in the growth and development of direct reports and others to achieve sustained success Effectively staffs the department by leveraging the appropriate mix of internal and external talent to satisfy both near-term performance and long-term succession needs. Maintain documentation, track, counsel and execute coaching and corrective action when performance issues occur. Metrics Performance of direct reports Talent developed and promoted Succession plans in place for key roles Unplanned turnover Talent additions through external recruiting Develop a positive employee relations environment Ensures a positive, creative, diverse and collaborative work environment where employees own the success of the business. Establish an engaged workforce characterized by mutual trust, open communications, teamwork, and recognition. Monitors labor activities and leverages labor relations resources as appropriate to ensure compliance with all collective bargaining agreements, company policies and/or governmental regulations. Builds a department worthy of being used as marketing and communications platform, both internal and external Metrics Employee engagement and core assessment results improvement Employee feedback surveys and assessments Turnover Grievance claims Safety related metrics Huddles and communication process Leads across the plant/division Drives alignment between plant departments Shares best practices across plants, challenges thinking and provides candid and respectful feedback; sets an example for the organization of how teamwork and partnerships should work Be a great leader across the plant, driving engagement and supporting cross-functional projects and teams Be a leader amongst peers across sister plants Assists the plant leader with other duties as required Metrics Feedback from leadership, peers and direct reports Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Develop People, Inspire and energize others, collaborate and foster teamwork Competitively drive results Excellent communication skills to effectively communicate across all levels of the organization Customer oriented Act on analysis Attention to detail Think strategically Engage self and others in learning Follow through on commitments and promises Generate Ideas Continuous improvement mindset Ability to prioritize and coordinate multiple tasks and projects Logic, troubleshooting, and root cause analysis skills Build strong team alignment and communication Coach and guide for results. Leads through safety and corporate vision Computer literacy—MRP systems (SAP) and Microsoft Office Suite Possesses strong change management skills Pass pre-employment drug screen and physical abilities test MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Completed High School Diploma or GED required Completed Bachelor’s degree in in Business, Engineering 3-5 years of experience in an industrial/manufacturing setting directly supervising others. Must be at least 18 years of age EXPERIENCE: 3-5 years’ work experience in manufacturing, industrial, or related environment required. Six Sigma Green Belt and continuous improvement experience preferred. About Owens Corning Owens Corning (NYSE: OC) develops, manufactures and markets insulation, roofing, and fiberglass composites. Global in scope and human in scale, the company’s market-leading businesses use their deep expertise in materials, manufacturing and building science to develop products and systems that save energy and improve comfort in commercial and residential buildings. Through its glass reinforcements business, the company makes thousands of products lighter, stronger and more durable. Ultimately, Owens Corning people and products make the world a better place. Based in Toledo, Ohio, Owens Corning posted 2017 sales of $6.4 billion and employs 19,000 people in 37 countries. It has been a Fortune 500® company for 64 consecutive years. For more information, please visit www.owenscorning.com. A career at Owens Corning offers the ability to enhance your expertise and achieve your personal and professional aspirations. Through it all, we’ll empower you with an environment that encourages open communication and big ideas, competitive pay for your performance, comprehensive benefits, and more opportunities to make your impact. Must be eligible to work in the U.S. on a permanent basis. Owens Corning is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability.
 Function Manager: General Responsibilities As a Functional Manager you will work on the day-to-day aspects of the rental car business while using superior management, leadership and customer service skills. You will work with a wide range of employees, customers, vendors, and third party contractors to achieve the overall results and goals for your area of operations. You are responsible for managing a unionized and/or non- unionized workforce, delivering quality customer service, increasing sales and revenue, scheduling adequate staff coverage, handling escalated customer issues and requests, recruiting new employees and providing them with training. You will be an expert in all of Hertz products and services and will coach employees how to improve their ability to sell and meet customer needs. Additionally, depending on your assigned area you will be responsible for the rental fleet at your location including staying aware of hourly reservations, return counts, vehicle make and model availability, preventative maintenance schedules, etc. to achieve the greatest revenue and profitability To be a great FM, you need: Commitment to developing and learning a wide variety of skills so that you can advance to higher levels at Hertz A desire to grow with Hertz including a willingness to live and work in a number of different cities throughout the United States A deep desire to work with and lead others as a team to build a business that is both fast paced and continually improving An ability to manage all aspects of the rental car business from Customer Service, Sales, Fleet Management, Maintenance, Vehicle Service, Vehicle Replenishment and Financial Analysis An ability to remain level headed and calm with both customers and employees as you assist them through challenging situations An ability to be a Hertz Brand Ambassador at all times as you seek to create a positive environment and solutions that generate continued customer and employee loyalty Mandatory Requirements Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree level is preferred (Associate level is accepted), but someone who is able to demonstrate the requisite behaviors and with the right level of experience (below) will also be considered. Professional Experience: Proven track record of being an effective leader and coach to others. An operational background in car rental industry a distinct advantage but not essential. Attitude and the right behaviors are more important, as is the requisite level of capability to manage in a tough, fast moving operation. Previous experience of working in a unionized environment would also be an advantage. Skills: Strong management, communications, interpersonal relationship, customer service, problem solving, fleet management, and sales skills Strong planning and logistical skills Hertz is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening. EEO/AA: Females/Minorities/Disabled/Vets EEO Statement Hertz is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status or domestic partnership status, disability, protected veteran status or military status, genetic information, or any other category protected under applicable law. Hertz is committed to taking affirmative steps to promote the employment and advancement of minorities, women, persons with disabilities and protected veterans.
 Cloud Technical Expert - The Galleria: Our Cloud Technical Expert - Services Advisors are experts in showcasing and interacting with Microsoft devices and software, providing world class service at our Answer Desk in-store and on-site at customer’s business locations. These Cloud Technical Experts will engage with our business customers to assist them with our business products and services offerings in- store. Through these customer engagements, Services Advisors help both consumer and business customers to see what is possible with technology, ultimately empowering them to achieve more through one to one support, personal training sessions, and small group workshops. You will also service as technical resource for our Business Solutions Specialist (BSS) in both pre- sales and post-sales activities. You will hold business conversations with the customers to understand their needs and qualify leads and introduce them to the store’s Business Solutions Specialist (BSS). You will be equipped with best-in-class tools that enable highly efficient and accelerated sales activities Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Responsibilities Customer Obsession Empathetically assess customer support needs through listening, diagnosing, and repairing their devices, helping customers discover, use, and love Microsoft hardware, software, and services Deliver collaborative and enrichening one-on-one training sessions to both consumer and business customers, helping them acquire the skills needed to enhance their knowledge around our products and services Support our Cloud products with a specific focus on Microsoft 365 and Office 365 (will include all Cloud Services as our business continues to grow) Meet and exceed daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly targets, including activity based targets; accurately forecast pipeline generation Leverage best-in-class support and communications tools to accelerate customer issue resolution, support sales growth in conjunction with the BSS to maintain high daily activity Communicate with customers and colleagues effectively through phone and email Work in a fast-paced, collaborative and dynamic team environment with store associates across all Microsoft Stores Obsess over Microsoft’s customers and prospects to deliver a world-class customer engagement experience Technological Capability Identify and communicate potentially complex repair situations to store leadership as appropriate, maximizing time efficiency in resolution with a high-level attention to detail Continuously maintain technical knowledge by learning through others, along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Routinely works through a diverse and complex scope of support issues Solves complex support issues effectively. Escalates as necessary for confirmation of solutions or other options as needed Assesses customer risks and needs and recommends appropriate service offerings to proactively address Documents recommendations and presents to customer and Business Solution Specialists (BSS) Proactively delivers recommended/agreed-upon services to achieve high customer satisfaction and trust Decisions sometimes impact immediate group and other related groups Determines most effective method of problem resolution by utilizing internal resources when necessary Occasionally leads sharing of best practices and guidance with Answer Desk & BSS community Drive for Results Proactively assess customer’s needs and recommend complete solutions that enhances their overall customer experience Takes responsibility in delivering on commitments and seeks positive results that benefit customers, both externally and internally Technical Excellence Approaches every customer interaction and internal partnership with a Growth Mindset to help improve our business processes, interactions, and find the solution that meets our customer needs Seeks opportunities to learn and improve their technical and professional skills Shares their skills and knowledge with the local business community and internal store team to help in advancing their skills and knowledge Collaboration Feel empowered to engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in our customers lives Combines resources and joins efforts with teammates to achieve store and company goals Works closely with the BSS, Business Expert, Store Management, and Cloud expert to find the customer focused technical solution for our customers that are adopting or updating their cloud services, products, hardware, or other Microsoft services Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Qualifications Required Qualifications 3+ years as a computer technician or helpdesk support or 1 year in a computer or technology education program Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Consistently practices strong organizational, communication, project management, and problem solving skills. Contributes to team operational precision by active design of and participation in community initiatives? Thrive in a fast-paced team oriented, dynamic, public-facing environment driven to achieve results Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative service environment Previous technology/product/software teaching or training experience BA or BS Preferred or equivalent experience Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Host / Hostess - Houston Northwest Medical Center: Description/Job Summary Job Overview: The Host/Hostess greets and seats guests in a friendly and courteous manner, receives payment and assists other service personnel as needed to provide total guest satisfaction. Responds to and addresses guests' concerns. The general responsibilities of the position include those listed below, but Sodexo may identify other responsibilities of the position. These responsibilities may differ among accounts, depending on business necessities and client requirements. _General Responsibilities:_ Greets guests immediately in a friendly manner upon arrival and acknowledges at departure. Demonstrates a sense of urgency and meets service cycle timing standards. Seats guests at clean, dry tables, utilizing proper seating rotation. Determines and provides for any special needs of guests. Maintains guest waiting list and adheres to proper seating order procedures. Describes promotions while seating guests; takes initial beverage order. Attends to any other guest needs during the entire dining experience as warranted. Addresses complaints promptly in a courteous manner, and notifies the supervisor of any issues. Assists service personnel in providing beverage orders and refills, and clearing and setting tables. Willingly assists other team members without being asked. Maintains proper supply of clean menus. Demonstrates knowledge of station and floor breakdowns. Possesses strong product and menu knowledge. Completes all required side-work, including deep-cleaning assignments. May be held accountable to proper cash-handling procedures. Provides courteous service and is cordial to all team members and guests. Attends all allergy and foodborne illness in-service training. Complies with all Sodexo HACCP policies and procedures. Reports all accidents and injuries in a timely manner. Complies with all company safety and risk management policies and procedures. Participates in regular safety meetings, safety training and hazard assessments. Attends training programs (classroom and virtual) as designated. May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned. _Job Qualifications:_ _Experience/Knowledge:_ High School diploma, GED, or equivalent experience. 0 to 1 year related experience. _Skills/Aptitude:_ Presents self in a highly professional manner to others and understands that honesty and ethics are essential. Ability to maintain a positive attitude. Ability to communicate with co-workers and other departments with professionalism and respect. Maintains a professional relationship with all coworkers, vendor representatives, supervisors, managers, customers, and client representatives. Ability to use a computer. Must have the ability to communicate effectively in English, both orally and in writing. Must be able to work unsupervised. Must be able to communicate clearly with managers, kitchen and dining room personnel. Must have excellent customer service skills. _License/Qualifications_ Certifications: None. _General Qualifications:_ Willingness to be open to learning and growing. Maturity of judgment and behavior. Maintains high standards for work areas and appearance. Maintains a positive attitude. Ability to work a flexible schedule helpful. Must comply with any dress code requirements. Must be able to work nights, weekends and some holidays. Attends work and shows up for scheduled shift on time with satisfactory regularity. _Physical Requirements:_ Close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus, with or without corrective lenses. Significant walking or other means of mobility. Ability to work in a standing position for long periods of time (up to 8 hours). Ability to reach, bend, stoop, push and/or pull, and frequently lift up to 35 pounds and occasionally lift/move 40 pounds. _Working Conditions (may add additional conditions specific to defined work location):_ Generally in an indoor setting; however, may supervise outside activities and events. Varying schedule to include evenings, holidays, weekends and extended hours as business dictates. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is primarily in a controlled, temperate environment; however, may be exposed to heat/cold during support of outside activities. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud.
Project Coordinator: PROJECT COORDINATOR – ARCHITECT OR ENGINEER Meet Marx|Okubo. Are you someone that has insatiable curiosity, always digging deeper to understand or innovate? Do you thrive when collaborating with others? Founded over 35 years ago, Marx|Okubo is an employee-owned architecture, engineering and construction consulting firm with nine offices across the country. We work with real estate owners, investors and lenders—at every point of the property lifecycle—to evaluate their building projects, solve complex challenges and implement tailored solutions. We help clients understand their projects’ complexities so they can make more informed decisions and, ultimately, mitigate their risk. Because of our need to uncover details with a 360-view, as well as continually evolve and hold ourselves—and the industry—to a higher standard, we have earned a reputation as “the gold standard” in what we do. Here at Marx|Okubo, we are a team of collaborative, bright and seasoned architects, engineers, construction and real estate professionals, with projects nationwide. We have broad technical expertise, yet deep local knowledge. We value collaboration, and we never stop learning. We truly value our different backgrounds and what each individual brings to the team. We genuinely care about and get to know our clients. And we care about balance—we are family-focused and work hard and play hard. As for loyalty, it is never lost on us and gets rewarded in many ways. What’s more? Our benefits happen to be some of the most progressive and competitive you will find in the industry. Here are a few highlights: Vested in you : As we are an ESOP, each employee owns a portion of the company. Planning for your future : We have a 30% match on 401(k) contributions. Staying healthy : We contribute 100% of employee health premiums. Commitment to your growth : We want to see our employees grow—when new positions arise, existing employees are considered first. Supporting education : We encourage continuing education and provide education/licensure/ tuition benefits. Position d escription Candidates for this position are generally recent graduates or architects (or engineers)-in-training who are seeking practical, hands-on experience in architecture, project management and/or construction. Working under the guidance of professional architects, project coordinators will: Assist in the review and evaluation of existing buildings and new construction. Perform field observations for project condition assessment surveys, construction loan monitoring and new construction. Perform plan reviews for general code compliance and adequacy of construction, including coordination, detailing, and building materials and systems. Prepare cost evaluations of new and existing construction. Perform existing building replacement cost evaluations. Assist in architectural/engineering repair documents for existing buildings. Our work covers most commercial building types, including office, retail, industrial, hotel/hospitality and multifamily. Desired skills and experience Bachelor’s or master’s degree in architecture, or background in construction or related fields. Minimum 2-3 years of experience at an architecture or construction company. For architectural candidates—in progress on AXP requirements and/or taking ARE exams. Proficient in Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel. Proficient in AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Plan Grid and Box; knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator and Sketchup a plus, but not required. General understanding of building materials and methods. General understanding of state and federal codes as it applies to construction and design. Strong organizational skills. Ability to manage and delegate a multitude of tasks, assignments and changing priorities efficiently. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Compensation will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. The ability to travel out of town is a requirement for the position. To apply, please submit your resume on our Career Center. Copy and paste this URL https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=marxokubo &ccId;=19000101_000001&type;=JS〈=en_US
Entry Level Geologist/Hydrogeologist: AECOM is actively seeking a creative, highly talented Entry Level Geologist/Hydrogeologist or other related scientific field for employment in the Houston, Texas office. The appropriately qualified applicant will work closely with various Project Managers and senior staff in implementing project tasks to meet client objectives and priorities, primarily on environmental assessment and remediation projects, with a mixture of field and office work. Applicant must be able to work outdoors and travel will be required, including short-term overnight stays. AECOM will provide 40-hour OSHA HAZWOPER training. AECOM is pleased to include you in a unique development opportunity, the Graduate Development Program (GDP). This program is designed to support your assimilation into the organization and assist with creating a foundation of knowledge for a successful career at AECOM. You will gain experience in your discipline through learning on the job and participate in development opportunities during the program, including access to AECOM's social media resources, group mentoring, and professional networking. The program also has learning activities that will be available to you, including webinars and online programs. Imagine working on rewarding projects within a diverse culture, and having access to exceptional training and career development opportunities. Working at AECOM means being part of a global team, working with award-winning professionals across the world. Aspire to be a key player on some of the best projects regionally, with opportunities to work on projects nationally or internationally. Our people bring deep industry knowledge to help you succeed. Responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to: \+ Support site assessment and remediation projects at sites impacted with petroleum products, drycleaner solvents, and/or other hazardous substances at private, state, local and federal facilities \+ Assist with collecting and evaluating geological, hydrogeological, and remediation system performance data in both field and office settings \+ Perform environmental fieldwork, including overseeing drilling of wells, soil borings, and excavation of contaminated soils, as well as collecting soil, groundwater, and soil gas samples \+ Perform aquifer tests, including slug tests, step-drawdown tests, and pumping tests, and interpretation of aquifer test data with supervision of project hydrogeologist \+ Interpretation and presentation of field data in reports that will require technical writing, and preparation of data analysis summary tables, graphs, subsurface cross sections, potentiometric surface maps, boring logs and figures suitable for client and government agency/regulatory review \+ Apply technical principles and theories for environmental assessments and to define the nature and extent of contamination in soil and groundwater \+ Track and communicate workload and availability with direct manager \+ Act as task manager for small segments of projects, and assist in determining schedule and budget requirements \+ Learn and apply AECOM safety requirements Minimum Requirements \+ BS or MS degree in Geology, Hydrogeology or other related scientific field \+ Ability to take instruction, operate within a team network, and work independently without direct supervision \+ Able to write and convey thoughts and ideas in a clear, concise manner \+ Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel with experience in word processing and standard office software \+ Must pass random client-mandated drug screens \+ Valid driver license required, and must be able to safely drive to job sites \+ This position does not include sponsorship for United States work authorization Preferred Qualifications \+ Field experience \+ Mechanical aptitude and/or experience with operation and maintenance of remediation systems \+ Strong technical writing skills \+ Experience reading and interpreting environmental regulations \+ Geologist-in-Training (GIT) or Fundamentals of Geology (FG), by ASBOG exam preferred What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an Equal Opportunity Employer. At AECOM, employee's safety and security are our top Safeguarding core value. All employees are expected to set the highest level of safety expectation in their work, display the highest level of safe behavior, and actively participate in AECOM's Safety For Life Program. SH&E; is a part of our company culture and participation is required for all employees. _NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES: Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.
Function Manager: General Responsibilities As a Functional Manager you will work on the day-to-day aspects of the rental car business while using superior management, leadership and customer service skills. You will work with a wide range of employees, customers, vendors, and third party contractors to achieve the overall results and goals for your area of operations. You are responsible for managing a unionized and/or non- unionized workforce, delivering quality customer service, increasing sales and revenue, scheduling adequate staff coverage, handling escalated customer issues and requests, recruiting new employees and providing them with training. You will be an expert in all of Hertz products and services and will coach employees how to improve their ability to sell and meet customer needs. Additionally, depending on your assigned area you will be responsible for the rental fleet at your location including staying aware of hourly reservations, return counts, vehicle make and model availability, preventative maintenance schedules, etc. to achieve the greatest revenue and profitability To be a great FM, you need: Commitment to developing and learning a wide variety of skills so that you can advance to higher levels at Hertz A desire to grow with Hertz including a willingness to live and work in a number of different cities throughout the United States A deep desire to work with and lead others as a team to build a business that is both fast paced and continually improving An ability to manage all aspects of the rental car business from Customer Service, Sales, Fleet Management, Maintenance, Vehicle Service, Vehicle Replenishment and Financial Analysis An ability to remain level headed and calm with both customers and employees as you assist them through challenging situations An ability to be a Hertz Brand Ambassador at all times as you seek to create a positive environment and solutions that generate continued customer and employee loyalty Mandatory Requirements Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree level is preferred (Associate level is accepted), but someone who is able to demonstrate the requisite behaviors and with the right level of experience (below) will also be considered. Professional Experience: Proven track record of being an effective leader and coach to others. An operational background in car rental industry a distinct advantage but not essential. Attitude and the right behaviors are more important, as is the requisite level of capability to manage in a tough, fast moving operation. Previous experience of working in a unionized environment would also be an advantage. Skills: Strong management, communications, interpersonal relationship, customer service, problem solving, fleet management, and sales skills Strong planning and logistical skills Hertz is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening. EEO/AA: Females/Minorities/Disabled/Vets EEO Statement Hertz is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status or domestic partnership status, disability, protected veteran status or military status, genetic information, or any other category protected under applicable law. Hertz is committed to taking affirmative steps to promote the employment and advancement of minorities, women, persons with disabilities and protected veterans.
 Sales Representative-Houston TX Neuroscience Primary Care: As a Neurosciences Primary Care Sales Representative you are responsible for effectively handling a defined territory with a customer focused approach on the health care providers in that territory. Territory Management: Develop and implement territory business plans to deliver strong sales results and achieve sales targets Represent Lilly as a leader in the Neurosciences community and marketplace Operate with high integrity and follow all Lilly policies and procedures Customer Focus: Promote product portfolio to HCPs through value-based conversations and communicate safety, efficacy, and treatment expectations Partner with customers to understand practice workflow and patient needs within the practice Provide resources that enhance or exceed customer needs for disease-state information and product-specific support Assist and coordinate critical activities with physicians and office staff through the drug initiation process, device training, patient support programs, and follow-up where applicable Collaborate and partner with peers in the Neurosciences sales organization, brand team, and other support partners to deliver an extraordinary customer experience Connect with access specialists, and other commercial partners to ensure a positive patient experience with treatment Disease State and Neuroscience Market Knowledge: Develop deep disease-state, product, and competitor knowledge, as well as understanding local and regional market trends Share key findings with teammates to serve as a learning resource within the Geo-managed team Earn reputation as a subject-matter authority and a valued resource Company Overview Are you seeking a career that makes a difference in the world? Would you like a career where you can use your sales experience and skills? At Lilly, we serve an extraordinary purpose. We make a difference for people around the globe by discovering, developing and delivering medicines that help them live longer, healthier, more active lives. Not only do we deliver breakthrough medications, but you also can count on us to develop creative solutions to support communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. For over 25 years, Lilly has been committed to helping people suffering from migraine, investigating more than a dozen different compounds for the treatment of migraine and disabling headache disorders. These research programs have accelerated understanding of this disease and advanced the development of Lilly's comprehensive late-stage development programs studying the launch of a Migraine portfolio for prevention of migraine and cluster headache, and for the acute treatment of migraine. Our goal is to make life better for people with migraine by offering comprehensive solutions to prevent or stop this disabling disease. The combined clinical, academic and professional experience of our experts helps us to build our research portfolio, identify challenges for healthcare providers and pinpoint the needs of people living with migraine and cluster headache. Sound interesting to you? Read on to find out more about how you can join our sales team, where you will enjoy meaningful work, build a successful career and make important contributions to our patients’ lives. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree Professional certification or license required to perform this position if required by a specific state Valid driver’s license and acceptable driving record Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the United States. Lilly does not anticipate providing sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B or TN status) for this employment position. Additional Information Approximately 10% travel; occasional overnight travel may be required Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status Additional Skills/Preferences Live inside territory or within 30 miles of territory boundaries Strong learning agility Patient centric mindset Consistent record of exceeding sales expectations Product launch experience Strong business analytical skills (business/ financial acumen) Excellent communication and organizational skills Solid analytical skills Ability to collaborate in a team environment Region North America Country USA City Houston Workplace Arrangement Sales Job Expires 14-Nov-2018
Geek Squad Double Agent - Northwest: Geek Squad Double Agents are the masters of many skill sets and handle anything from diagnosing and repairing electronic devices to installing major appliances to wiring an entire home entertainment system. As a Double Agent, you’ll travel via Geekmobile to the client’s home and facilitate a seamless client experience by providing a complete solution for their needs. Our Double Agents handle many tasks, including delivery, repair, networking, installation, technical advice and assist with product recommendations and future service appointments. If you enjoy working with clients, are a master of many skills, and enjoy sharing that knowledge with others, join our Geek Squad team today. Responsibilities include: Delivery, troubleshooting, installation, and repair at client’s location Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client products Provide timely updates to the client and the precinct Promptly and accurately complete all administrative work Actively seek opportunities to increase and leverage skills Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: 1 year home theater installation/repair or related experience Appropriate certifications and/or licenses according to state law 21 years of age or more Current valid driver's license and clear driving record (Double Agents who work exclusively in the Manhattan, New York area are exempt from this requirement) Lift or maneuver 75 lb. with/without reasonable accommodation and team lift up to 150 lb. What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Sales Consultant, Home Theater, Appliances, Gaming, and Entertainment: What does a Best Buy Sales Consultant in Home Theater, Appliances, Gaming, and Entertainment do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. Best Buy Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services, working closely with other members of the sales team. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self development. Then, armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy shopping experience, ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Sales Consultants deliver unique customer value by developing strong relationships with customers, bringing them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. Would you like to dream up a theatrical experience for others to enjoy? Would you like to help make someone’s life easier with new time-saving appliances? Make those dreams a reality as a Sales Consultant in our Home Business Group. 80% of your time you will: Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where customers feel supported and leave delighted. Inspire customers by showing them what’s possible with technology. Accumulate and apply the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development, enabling you to provide an excellent customer shopping experience. 20% of your time you will: Use innovative training tools to stay current, confident and complete, driving profitable growth and achieving individual and department goals. Maintain your department’s merchandising and readiness to serve customers. Back up the sales team for phone and store pickup. Perform other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Geek Squad Manager: As the Geek Squad Manager, you’ll be responsible for day-to-day operations inclusive of the Precinct and Autotech Bay. Oversees the execution of company sales strategies and fulfillment of Geek Squad services in accordance with Best Buy's SOP. You’ll be accountable for leading a team of Agents in a manner that fosters a world class Client experience and drives exceptional business results. Responsibilities include: Provide work direction, training and development for a team of Agents. Monitors Agent skill set achievement Communicate and coach a team of Agents to help achieve Company strategy, local business plans and execute Standard Operating Process (SOP) Analyze and evaluate both financial and Agent performance and develop plans to drive Precinct and Autotech Bay performance Basic Qualifications: 2 years of Management/Supervisory experience OR 2 years of Military leadership experience 3 years of Customer Service experience 1 year of experience analyzing Profit & Loss /Financial Statements Preferred Qualifications: Retail experience Consumer Electronic repair/service experience Previous P &L ownership (including expense/labor management, forecasting Experience driving key business performance indicators (i.e. revenue, NOP) Prior experience analyzing business results, identifying root cause and coaching others to deliver superior customer service Selection, hiring, and performance management experience What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
HSE Advisor: AkzoNobel has a passion for paint. We’re experts in the proud craft of making paints and coatings, setting the standard in color and protection since 1792. Our world class portfolio of brands – including Dulux, International, Sikkens and Interpon – is trusted by customers around the globe. Headquartered in the Netherlands, we operate in over 80 countries and employ around 35,000 talented people who are passionate about delivering the high performance products and services our customers expect. In North America, 4,500 employees work at more than 50 locations to support the Performance Coatings and Specialty Chemicals Business Areas. Consistently ranked as a leader in sustainability, we are dedicated to energizing cities and communities while creating a protected, colorful world where life is improved by what we do. We’re a leading supplier of performance coatings with strong product technologies and brands. Our high-quality products are used by customers across the world to protect and enhance everything from ships, cars, aircraft, yachts and architectural components (structural steel, building products, flooring) to consumer goods (mobile devices, appliances, beverage cans, furniture) and oil and gas facilities. Major brands include Awlgrip, International, Interpon and Sikkens. Main Purpose Advises about specific HSE&S knowledge areas and supports the HSE Business Partner. Specific Tasks Acts as an influential advisor to line management by building and fostering a deep understanding of the theoretical concepts, industry standards and best practices in one or more HSE&S areas. Is an effective coach by leveraging and extending HSE&S knowledge through personal participation in AkzoNobel expert pools for delivery of the Safety Common Platform, HSE&S Faculty learning programs, auditing and/or incident investigation and/or through training activities within the site, as well as through personal functional development. Contributes, together with and in support of line management, to a culture in which HSE&S is at the core of all operations. Spends time engaging with employees and acts as a role model for ensuring compliance with and commitment to the AkzoNobel HSE Policy, Directives, Rules & Procedures, including its risk tolerance criteria. Contributes to the development of the HSE&S strategy for design, deployment and delivery of the AkzoNobel HSE&S Policy, Directives, Rules & Procedures and Safety Common Platform for the entity at SMU/ BA level, in order to ensure alignment of objectives and performance of the site (s). Is familiar and complies with all the applicable corporate as well as site and laboratory policies/procedures with regard to personal conduct, HSE and Product Safety & Regulatory Affairs (PSRA) standards. Vacancy data Organisation Job characteristics Closing date December 31, 2099 Vacancy number 18000331 Continent North America Country United States State/Region/Province Texas Site Houston Business unit Marine & Protective Coatings Job family Health, Safety & Environment Hierarchy level Professional/Experienced/Specialist Full time/part time Full-time Contract type Permanent Job requirements/Candidate profile Bachelor's degree in Safety or Occupational and Environmental Health Sciences or equivalent. 2-3 years of experience; experience in chemical manufacturing and batch processes is desirable. Experience in environmental regulatory compliance is a plus. Fluent English required. Fluent Spanish desirable. Proficient in Microsoft Office. LI-VS1 As a leading coatings and specialty chemical company AkzoNobel is proud to offer a competitive compensation package as well as a comprehensive benefits program designed to support the health, wellness and financial security of our employees and their families. Benefits include group medical, dental and vision coverage, group and supplemental life insurance, 401(k) with company match, tuition reimbursement and much more. Employment at AkzoNobel is contingent upon the successful completion of both pre-employment background checks and drug screening. All candidates hired must be able to provide proper documentation of their eligibility to work in the US. AkzoNobel is an E-Verify Employer. AkzoNobel is an Equal Opportunity Employer -Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans (M/F/D/V).
Post Doc Researcher - Deep Learning: Microsoft Research AI (MSR AI) seeks exceptional postdoc researchers in the areas of deep learning, reinforcement learning, artificial intelligence, and related fields. MSR AI is comprised of researchers, engineers, and postdocs who take a broad perspective on the next-generation of intelligent systems. We seek applicants from all areas of deep learning, reinforcement learning, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and related fields with a passion and demonstrated ability for independent research, including a strong publication record at top international research venues. Examples of current projects and directions in deep learning include: Multi-modal intelligence, fusing vision and language capabilities Reinforcement learning, including applications to dialog systems, games, and operational control problems Natural language processing with applications to language understand and language generation Neuro-symbolic systems and reasoning Neural program synthesis Foundations of deep learning, algorithms and machine teaching For a sampling of recent publications from our lab, please see the MSR AI website. In addition to submitting your CV and the names of three references as required by the online application, please also upload the following: The two conference or journal articles, book chapters, or equivalent writing samples which best demonstrate your expertise; An academic statement (approximately 2-4 pages) that outlines both your research achievements and agenda, and your service and outreach activities and plans (for example, those related to mentoring or diversity). By applying to this position, you are being considered for multiple like positions. Position specifics, including hiring team, location and position details, will be determined during the interview process. The job description should make clear the job responsibilities and required qualifications. Responsibilities As a postdoc researcher in Microsoft Research AI, you will have the opportunity to develop your research career as a member of a world-class research organization. We offer a vibrant environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research, both theoretical and applied, including access to diverse data sources, an open publication policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world. Qualifications Successful candidates will have a PhD and a well-established research track record as demonstrated by publications and open source software. Additionally, scientific leadership as demonstrated by participation on program committees is desirable. You are encouraged to define your own research agenda, while also collaborating with members of the lab. You may also get the chance to see your ideas realized in products and services that will be used worldwide. PhD in machine learning or closely related areas. Well-established research track record as demonstrated by publications and open source software. Scientific leadership as demonstrated by participation on program committees is desirable. Ability to define your own research agenda, while also collaborating with members of the lab. Strong collaboration and communication skills. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. By applying to this position, you are being considered for multiple like positions. Position specifics, including hiring team, location and position details, will be determined during the interview process. The job description should make clear the job responsibilities and required qualifications.
 Deep Learning Compiler Engineer: We are now looking for a Senior Deep Learning Compiler Engineer. NVIDIA is hiring Compiler Engineer for its Deep Learning team. Academic and commercial groups around the world are using GPUs to power a revolution in deep learning, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing and artificial intelligence. Join the team that is developing advanced technology for the software which will be used by the entire deep learning community. What you'll be doing: You will be developing high level transformations and optimizations for NVIDIA GPUs and accelerators for Deep Learning. You will work on transforming a graph intermediate representation (IR) to an efficient form and for training neural networks.Your contributions will advance state of the art in compiler technology for delivering high performance for acceleration of artificial intelligence workloads across a variety of workloads ranging from inference to training. This role will develop, advanced techniques for optimizing and training large neural networks use on NVIDIA platforms. You will collaborate with members of the software framework teams and the hardware architecture teams to accelerate the next generation of deep learning software and work on integrating the backend in a variety of frameworks. What we need to see: Masters or PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. 4 years of significant work or research experience in compiler optimizations, synthesis, optimization, code generation, programming models and computer architecture. Be able to work independently, define project scope and goals, and lead your own efforts Excellent programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design. Experience with C/C++is a plus. Knowledge of CPU and/or GPU architecture. CUDA or OpenCL programming experience desired but not required Experience with the following technologies is a huge plus: deep learning models and algorithms, and deep learning framework design. Ways to stand out from the crowd: 12 years overall engineering experience. Strong communication skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product oriented team. A history of mentoring junior engineers and interns is a bonus. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
Nonprofit Digital Learning & Community Manager: Are you excited to utilize technology as a force for social good? Do you want to be part of supporting nonprofits and humanitarian organizations adopt and use Microsoft technology to create sustained social impact? Microsoft has a longstanding commitment to global corporate philanthropy. Since 2016, we have donated more than $2.5 billion in cash grants, software, hardware and cloud technology to hundreds of thousands of nonprofits and helped 90,000 move to the cloud. In September 2017 we launched Tech for Social Impact (TSI) team, powered by a sustainable social model where profits are reinvested into expanding support for nonprofits. The TSI team is dedicated to making world-class cloud technology accessible and affordable, so that nonprofits can drive even greater impact on societal challenges. The focus of the Nonprofit Digital Learning & Community Manager role is to develop and support nonprofit communities of practice to scale digital skills and capacity building programs with the goal of increasing the technical skills of nonprofit IT pros, nonprofit leadership, and employees to better use technology for social impact. Under the direction of TSI Philanthropy Sr. Director, the role will work across MS Philanthropies and cross-company to develop new learning programs and expand existing programs to better support nonprofit digital transformation. This will include accessing current MS digital literacy and skills content while also working to develop new content and curriculum specifically for the nonprofit sector. The role will seek to engage and support external communities, networks, and partner channels to scale adoption of our digital skills curriculum, content, and certifications. Finally, this role will support our humanitarian partnerships by extending learning programs to partner beneficiaries, primarily refugees. The ideal candidate will have deep knowledge of Microsoft technologies and digital skills training resources, knowledge of existing nonprofit capacity building communities and networks, and understanding of how nonprofits adopt and utilize technology for social impact. You must be data obsessed with a strong understanding of the nonprofit digital transformation journey. Lastly, we seek someone who is genuinely dedicated to our mission and purpose and who is deeply committed to creating a more inclusive world through technology. Responsibilities Priority responsibility is to lead development and execution of nonprofit digital skills and certification programs, including development of a sustainable business model and go to market plans for nonprofit digital skills offers. This includes finalizing existing pilot efforts and formalizing first phase of global launch in the fall. In parallel, develop a global execution plan to scale the learning program via communities of practice, networks, and MS partners. Work with TSI partnership managers to bring training and certification resources to strategic humanitarian partners and their beneficiaries. Manage ongoing capacity building program execution, monitoring, reporting. Develop new strategy for evolving capacity building programs and partnerships beginning in CY2019. Manage key internal and external partnerships that support delivery and amplification of technology capacity building offers and initiatives. Use data and research to understand broad nonprofit trends, needs, and technology use to best support and reach more nonprofits around the world with their digital transformation journeys. Advocate for the nonprofit audience, ensuring their unique challenges & opportunities, organizational structure, and culture attributes are consistently top of mind across the organization. Qualifications 5+ years of related experience in program management. Strong knowledge of MS technologies, MS training resources, tech use and learning needs of nonprofits. Experience building communities of practice and engaging strategic networks to scale programs globally. Strong project management skills and the ability to lead and participate on virtual teams, connect and coordinate across matrixed organizations required. Proven ability to get stuff done! Demonstrate strong knowledge of the nonprofit sector, via employment, volunteering, or board service Professional presence, strong collaborator, and excellent public speaking capabilities. Relentless focus on customer needs related to technology adoption, training and support. Passionate about making a strong contribution to nonprofits and the social impact they drive. Required Bachelor’s degree. MBA, MPA or related master’s degree preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Deep Learning Scientist - Yield Analytics: Position Overview: The Climate Corporation is looking for a recognized expert in deep learning to join our Yield Analytics team. At Climate we leverage big data and cloud computing to tackle real-world problems in agriculture. We bring together diverse data sources, including remote sensing, historical and forecasted weather, soil mapping, and machine layers (planting, harvest and other equipment passes) to help growers optimize decision making in order to sustainably increase farm productivity. The ideal candidate will have solid practical experience in applying deep learning and fundamental machine learning algorithms (supervised, semi- supervised, and unsupervised learning) to solve complex problems. What You Will Do: Design, build and validate scalable deep neural networks that leverage these diverse datasets to provide new insights into digital agriculture. Collaborate with engineers to deploy successful models and algorithms into production environments Write beautiful, robust, well-documented and well-tested research and library code Collaborate with a diverse team that includes statisticians, mathematicians, agricultural domain scientists, and engineers to build research pipelines and algorithms to derive valuable insights from current and new datasets Basic Qualifications: Ph.D or MS in computer science, machine learning, statistics, or a related quantitative discipline Minimum of 1 year of industry, postdoctoral, or academic research experience building, training, and validating either LSTM recurrent neural networks or convolutional neural networks Extensive programming experience in Python and related deep learning packages Excellent communication and presentation skills, and the ability to convey rigorous technical concepts and considerations to non-experts Preferred Qualifications: Proven track record in deploying machine learning algorithms to create value for business. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques A drive to solve problems, meet deadlines, and build whatever is necessary along the way A strong desire to work in a highly collaborative team environment What We Offer: Our teams are composed of industry experts, top scientists, and talented engineers. The environment is extremely engaging and fast-paced, with dozens of specialties coming together to provide the best possible products and experiences for our customers. We provide competitive salaries and some of the best perks in the industry, including: Superb medical, dental, vision, life, disability benefits, and a 401k matching program A stocked kitchen with a large assortment of snacks & drinks to get you through the day Encouragement to get out of the office and into the field with agents and farmers to see first-hand how our products are being used We take part and offer various workshops, conferences, meet-up groups, tech-talks, and hackathons to encourage participation and growth in both community involvement and career development We also hinge our cultural DNA on these five values: Inspire one another Innovate in all we do Leave a mark on the world Find the possible in the impossible Be direct and transparent Learn more about our team and our mission: The Climate Corporation - The Technology Behind Making A Difference https://youtu.be/c5TgbpE9UBI or visit https://climate.com/careers LI-TD1
 Vice President of People & Culture: Impinj (NASDAQ: PI) is the market leader in connecting everyday physical items to the Internet. We connected 7.1 billion such items in 2017 and more than 25 billion since our inception. We are driving a future in which physical items have digital counterparts, digital twins, in the cloud, and in which businesses and people engage with those items via their digital twins. Our mission is to deliver a platform that powers item-to-cloud connectivity. We became a public company in 2016 and are well-positioned to expand our market leadership as our opportunity expands from connecting billions of items per year to trillions. We are looking for a VP of People and Culture to lead our efforts in creating the organizational framework, work environment and culture which attracts and inspires passionate employees and allows them to do their best work _._ Our VP of People & Culture is responsible for hiring, compensation, benefits, leadership development, career advancement and building and fostering company culture. We view prior human-resources experience as a core competency for this role but are focused mostly on finding a business leader who will help us grow and will grow with us, and whose vision, passion, intellect and desire to contribute will advance our mutual success. Qualifications Demonstrated excellence in prior roles, including an ability to grow/shape organizational health and strategy Confident, self-driven yet low-ego and approachable leader with a history of fostering cross-functional collaboration, raising cultural bars and nurturing top-notch teams Passion and energy for, and comfort with, the unpredictable nature of a nascent, high-growth market Outstanding communication skills to confidently and succinctly represent Impinj, our strategy, our technology and our business to employees and candidates alike Prior experience as an HR executive in a high-growth organization, ideally in high tech Deep passion for, and desire to, champion corporate vision, culture and people Proactive, entrepreneurial leader, with excellent listening skills and a smart, pragmatic attitude toward quickly addressing and resolving issues as they arise Hands on, metrics-driven leader with excellent analytical skills and a personal history of tenacity, resourcefulness and excellence. Responsibilities Develop and grow a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people aligned with our corporate principles Enhance our talent-management process including recruiting, on-boarding, performance management, team development, retention, succession and, as necessary, termination and transition Foster diversity across our worldwide organization Contribute to making Impinj a “learning organization” by developing and implementing effective and scalable development programs Create progressive and proactive compensation and benefits programs to motivate, incentivize and reward performance Coach and develop leaders, including diagnosing organizational issues and developing plans to overcome them Partner effectively with the finance and legal teams to achieve a high level of awareness of, and compliance with, Impinj’s controls and policies worldwide Establish metrics for monitoring the HR function and overall organizational health We're on a mission to change the world with technology. We're committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace and strongly encourage applicants from all backgrounds and walks of life. Come join us. Salary and equity participation is locally competitive
 General Warehouse Worker: What does a Best Buy General Warehouse Worker do? As a General Warehouse Worker, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center through use of equipment in areas such as Receiving, Stocking, Shipping, Non-Con, Order Processing and Replenishment. Your responsibilities will include operating equipment in a safe manner, while making sure that you are maintaining a safe and clean working area and ensuring that our product is in perfect condition to sell to our customers. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a General Warehouse Worker but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Unload and process receipt of merchandise from inbound trucks Stocks merchandise that has been received into specific designated locations Process all orders by locating specified product and moving product to the loading dock Packs smaller products into larger containers for shipment to stores Loads merchandise onto trucks for shipment to company locations Maintains a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris. Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed for operating equipment in the RDC Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional requirements of a General Warehouse Worker? Basic Qualifications: Able to individually lift and maneuver 40 lbs frequently and repetitively (up to a maximum of 75 lbs; with or without reasonable accommodation) Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or Equivalent What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Story Editor: We’re ArenaNet—we’ve created a studio that makes online worlds infused with innovation, hand-crafted excellence, and creative passion. We're not the only ones who share this passion; gamers made Guild Wars 2 the fastest selling MMO game in the West with more than 3 million copies sold in its first 9 months, and players and press have consistently called it one of the best MMOs of all time. Our studio is built on foundations of excellence with a focus on community. We constantly innovate, unlocking the true potential of online role-playing with game-changing titles like Guild Wars 2 and beyond. The status quo is not good enough for our dedicated worldwide community of players, which is why we question the de facto industry conventions and demand more from ourselves as developers. The role of Narrative as a discipline in the game development process is to provide context and meaning to the gameplay experience, binding all aspects of the game together into a coherent and integrated dramatic journey and cementing the emotional bond between player and game. As our products make clear, ArenaNet is a studio that values and respects that role as essential to the development of a great and successful game project. Thus, our Story Editors are, in essence, creative narrative producers. They are full creative partners in that process, from the conception and ideation of IP, game projects, worlds, characters, themes, and tone; to the breaking and outlining of story and character arcs over scenes, missions, sequences, episodes, and seasons; to the writing of character bibles, story documents, and both Golden Path and Living World VO and text scripts. We collaborate intensively as parts of multidisciplinary teams to create unique and unforgettable immersive experiences for our players. This is a senior or lead position that reports directly to the Studio Narrative Director on a per-project basis. RESPONSIBILITIES Partner with the Narrative Design Lead (a.k.a. Lead Writer) and project leads to facilitate the creation and development of IP, story, and character arcs, in collaboration with other disciplines Drive story breaking sessions with project leadership, and host workshopping sessions in a writers' room setting Act as developmental editor to provide structural feedback and dialogue revisions for story scripts Write supporting documentation to effectively communicate development of the narrative to team members in all disciplines (season and episode summaries) Co-own the story with the Narrative Design Lead and adhere to overlapping production schedules for multiple episodes Use proprietary content creation tools to revise golden path story scripts QUALIFICATIONS Proficient dramatic writing skills, with a substantial track record in games and at least one other narrative medium (screenwriting, playwriting, prose fiction, etc.—writing for the spoken word preferred Experience in breaking serialized story at the season and episode level Experience leading teams or projects, and interfacing with a variety of disciplines Practical and theoretical knowledge and experience regarding the craft of dramatic storytelling across multiple media Demonstrable understanding of and experience in interactive and non-linear storytelling, using non-traditional and non-verbal delivery systems (e.g., environmental storytelling, in-engine storytelling without cutscenes or lore dumps, etc.) Passion for video games and deep knowledge of multiple genres Experience with and development knowledge of open-world games Excellent communication, decision-making, and organizational skills Demonstrable experience in world building, character creation, story arc design, dialogue writing, voice casting, and voice direction (portfolio submission required) Collaborative, productive, enthusiastic attitude when working with multidisciplinary teams on story creation and implementation Ability to learn and use proprietary tools to create content Ability to work independently as part of a large, coordinated team to hit deadlines Insatiable intellectual curiosity Burning urge to create Unafraid of making tough calls and "killing your darlings" Enthusiasm for lifelong learning, leveling up, and refinement of craft EDUCATION/TRAINING/EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree or equivalent educational achievement or work experience Minimum of three years’ professional experience as a Story/Dev Editor, Senior Narrative Designer, or Senior Writer on a game development team Minimum of three years’ professional experience as a writer in another narrative medium (preferably dramatic writing involving spoken dialogue; may be concurrent with game writing experience) Two or more shipped AAA-quality products on which you played an editorial, narrative design, or writing role Published/produced works—games, screenplays, stage plays, comics, novels, short stories, articles, videos, or other related materials Deep knowledge of games, film, television, literature, comics—especially in fantasy and science-fiction genres PLUSES Experience in other disciplines of game design and development Familiarity with Final Draft and/or Microsoft Word Familiarity with narrative game systems Experience producing live action content (indie films, web series, television, etc.) Light implementation experience This is a full time, on-site position at our studio in Bellevue, Washington. A positive, supportive, collaborative, decidedly non-toxic work environment, comprehensive benefits package, a competitive salary, and more are all part of what makes ArenaNet a great place to work. ArenaNet is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. ArenaNet LLC participates in E-Verify.
Retail Learning Specialist - University Village: The Learning Specialist (LS) possesses a passion for technology and supports the growth of each of the store team members by teaching them about our product line-up, customer service skills, and resources that will prepare them to offer a world-class customer experience. The LS reports directly to the Store Manager and is the ultimate subject matter expert when it comes to role, product, demo, and sales training for all team members in the store. The LS also partners with the HQ Readiness Team to help drive company and retail store priorities to ensure strategic objectives are met within the store. Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all of our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Responsibilities Customer Obsession Generate customer obsession within our community through your passion and knowledge of everything Microsoft related Create a learning environment that is passionate, fun, & filled with knowledge for our employees and customers which builds on our WeWinAsATeam culture Evangelize product offerings and cross platform ecosystem integration through in-store experiences and learning engagements that build on increased utilization with devices customers own and love Adaptability Excel in fast paced and ambiguous situations by possessing impeccable organizational skills, patience and empathy Be able to pivot in a changing in-store environment and circumstances through world class customer and employee engagements Proactively build your Microsoft product & service acumen in order to be the expert in everything related to our internal and external customers by learning through peers, self-educating, and showcasing product and service offerings Ability to be flexible and manage tasks according to the needs of business Drive for Results Create an inclusive environment of modern story telling through insight sharing and self-discovery to deliver financial results Coach team members on sales skills and habits through observation to further enhance selling and support knowledge Observe customer interactions to provide sales and product coaching that can elevate overall store results and team engagement focus areas Ensure learning management tool results of the store team is meeting and exceeding company deadlines put into place Influencing for Impact Infuse Microsoft Store culture, mission and values within the team, which will elevate in-store customer interactions Continuously promote product knowledge to others along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Possesses the ability to persuade positive business outcomes through in-store interactions with customers and team mates Collaboration Feel empowered to impact and support store and corporate leadership teams in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in the lives of our customers Combines resources to provide a thorough learning experience while partnering with teammates to achieve store and company goals Connect with each team member to understand their readiness and learning needs to ensure they are able to deliver on all training content Qualifications Required Qualifications 2 years of experience in a teaching, training, or management capacity Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Previous technology/product/software training experience or related teaching experience in non-retail environment Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Time management, analytical and organizational skills with a high-level attention to detail Strong verbal and written communication skills Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT College degree Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 RESEARCHER: Emerging infectious diseases such as Zika, Ebola, Chikungunya and MERS are dangerous and unpredictable. Public health organizations need data as early as possible to predict disease spread and plan responses. Yet early data is very difficult to obtain, because it must be proactively collected from potential disease sources in the environment. Researchers estimate between 60 and 75% of emerging infectious diseases originate from animals, which are very difficult to monitor. Project Premonition aims to detect pathogens before they cause outbreaks - by turning mosquitoes into devices that collect data from animals in the environment. There are over 3,600 known species of mosquitoes, which bite a wide range of animals from dogs and chickens to snakes and mice. Each bite may collect a few microliters of blood, containing genetic information about the animal that was bitten and pathogens circulating in that animal. In fact, it has already been shown that the DNA collected from mosquitoes can be used to identify: (1) the types of animals that were bitten, (2) mosquito- borne diseases such as Zika and West Nile that infect both mosquitoes and hosts (e.g. humans and animals), and (3) previously unknown viruses of unknown origin. Responsibilities The Project Premonition team, part of the Healthcare NExT group with Microsoft's Artificial Intelligence & Research (AR+R) organization, is an interdisciplinary team operating at the intersection of robotics, genetics, and machine learning to build disruptive pathogen surveillance technologies. We are currently looking for a researcher with a background in metagenomics and viral discovery to bring cutting edge research ideas & expert execution to the development of new disease surveillance technologies. www.microsoft.com/premonition Qualifications Ph.D. in Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Machine Learning, or a related field Preferred Publication record or product implementation record that demonstrates a deep understanding of the challenges of studying pathogens through genomic data. Experience in viral discovery, viral phylodynamics, or epidemiology A working knowledge of classical wet-lab techniques to study (novel) pathogens Experience working with very large genomic datasets Experience collaborating with interdisciplinary teams Humility and drive to be a "learn-it-all" Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to askstaff@microsoft.com.
 D3- Sr. NLP Deep Learning Data Scientist: Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description This role, within the Data Scientist job family, is responsible for researching, developing, and improving algorithms that help computers learn from text. Our goal is to reduce the time and expense of performing traditionally manual tasks, increasing efficiency and reducing costs. By extracting meaning from large data sets containing millions of documents, you will help Allstate to develop NLP capabilities to improve the speed and ease with which we underwrite a policy, estimate a claim, or service a customer. Key Responsibilities Conducts cutting-edge research in Natural Language Processing / Understanding. Leverages research and applies state-of-the-art deep learning techniques to inform recommendations and decisions. Works across the enterprise to identify and incubate business use cases. Advises data scientists and business partners on applying NLP in their work. Regularly educates and trains data scientists and business partners on the state of the art. Job Qualifications Experience developing natural language processing/understanding, machine learning, or artificial intelligence algorithms/models required. Strong experience in deep learning required. A graduate degree in a field such as math, computer science, statistics, engineering or machine learning, or equivalent experience. Experience with general machine learning tools to build models and analyze data. (e.g. in R, Python, Matlab) and deep learning tools (e.g. TensorFlow, Keras) required. Demonstrated skills in coding. Software development experience a plus. Knowledge of the theory and practice of NLP and deep-learning techniques. Ability to develop new concepts and stay current with academic research. Ability to summarize research and analysis for audiences with varying levels of expertise. Demonstrated analytic agility. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era. ABC
Mgr, Learning & Development: Sysco Associate Apply - Click Here Company: Sysco Seattle Location: US-WA-Kent Zip Code: 98032 Minimum Level of Education: High School or Equivalent Minimum Years of Experience: 3 Position Type: Exempt Travel Percentage: Up to 50% More information about this job: OVERVIEW: At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We are looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why good things really do come from Sysco. SUMMARY OF JOB PURPOSE: The Learning and Development Manager’s position is responsible for the coordination and facilitation of current and future OpCo training, development programs, and initiatives. This position will report directly to the Director of Business Resources and work closely in strategic alignment with dotted line responsibility to the Market Training Director/Lead. This alignment will enhance the communication and improve the execution of center led training targeted to optimize our performance results. The local job focus (60%) of this position is to be closely connected to local OpCo leadership and demonstrate the ability to clearly identify and articulate the training needs of the local OpCo; and how those needs connect to successful business outcomes. To leverage the Market’s local training team’s talent lead by the Market Training Director to develop bi-annual training action plans to address training gaps at the local OpCo and influence action plan outcomes. The market job focus (40%) of this position is to be a high contributor to the facilitation of market-based training programs including but not limited to new MA onboarding, existing MA training and sales leadership training. To leverage center led sales training curriculum for new and existing marketing associates and sales leadership development training while providing insight and feedback to enhance training collateral material so they remain relevant and actionable for the field. Local Support of these programs will be paramount. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: This individual contributes to the development, engagement, deployment, execution and support of local OpCo and market training objectives. This will include, but not be limited to: Develop partnerships with local OpCo leadership, draw insight from inclusion with management, and translate that insight into training action plans with measurable outcomes biannually. Work in tandem with your Market’s Training team and Market Lead to coordinate the participation of new sales hires into the market-based sales onboarding program, participate as a facilitator in the market’s training onboarding POD programs and development workshops 3 to 4 times a year. Remain engaged with trainee’s progress as they advance from training into territory; work with the Field Support Team delegate and District Managers to communicate on acceptable progress though trainees first year of tenure. Act as a trusted resource to the districts for continued skill development. Own the responsibility for coordinating, marketing, and facilitating local ongoing sales and sales management development training and coaching throughout fiscal year. Develop individual results through planning, communicating, facilitating and following up on all scheduled training. Foster open dialog with OpCo sales leaders and district sales managers regarding training challenges or individual associate skill development. Provide training resources and solutions without enabling outcomes; hold associates accountable for their own learning. Demonstrate willingness and ability to have candid conversations with managers and associates to raise their awareness of development opportunities and help them to connect with resources or field experiences to sharpen their skills. Maintain a high level of discretion and confidentiality in dealing with personnel matters. Work closely with the market training team and local training peers from your market to identify and raise awareness of training gaps and participate in targeted training curriculum development to address and proactively provide solutions to these gaps. Play an instrumental role in the implementation of center-led sales initiatives and programs during market roll out waves. Stay current with all technology field facing programs and customer solutions to provide the support to sustain the adoption at your local OpCo. Demonstrate change leadership in your role in an effort to align understanding, communicate the why, and provide the overall big picture to support our company initiatives; demonstrate how behavior changes will support sustained improvement in company results, job performance, and satisfaction. Drive accountability of training programs with participants, OpCo leadership, subject matter experts to ensure a high level of execution and a degree of ongoing management and support of all programs and initiatives. Observe training sessions for new presenters and monitor survey results to ensure training objectives are being met and subject matter experts are well aligned. Measure ROI on training programs in alignment with metrics outlined at the market level. Challenge your own personal development of facilitation skills by enhancing your knowledge of products, materials, programs and testing new and updated ways to facilitate the delivery of your content to meet the needs of the learners. Identify areas for improvement and seek self-development opportunities and continuous feedback from OpCo sales VP, market training lead and peer local trainers. Maintain a high level of team-based communication and support with peer positions in other markets to support concurrent curriculum and ensure consistency of the programming is being upheld. Collaborate in the design, creation and execution of face to face course content, distance learning and development workshop training materials as directed. PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS: Deep understanding of the foodservice industry; intimate knowledge of the MA and DSM job functions, company proprietary computer programs, policies, procedures, and Sysco’s business metrics. Strong program management, strategic thinking, creative thinking, and problem-solving characteristics. Thinks and acts proactively and directs resources and stakeholders accordingly. Capacity to multi-task and prioritize concurrent projects and programs autonomously to meet established deadlines. Exhibit your working knowledge of all learning platforms, product knowledge and training materials to support programs and program participants. Exceptional communication skills and the ability to communicate appropriately at all levels of the organization; this includes written and verbal communications. Exhibit professional facilitation of training content, and/or meeting execution. Demonstrate credibility in your position and represent training in a professional manner within your OPCO and with your market leadership. Demonstrate capability in multi-tasking past, current, and future job assignments. Manage current training initiatives while maintaining a strong presence in the classroom and in the virtual online training portals and chatter and reflection groups in Sysco 360 to support OpCo’s sales talent. REQUIRED MINIMUM EDUCATION: 4 year bachelor’s degree preferred. REQUIRED MINIMUM EXPERIENCE: 3+ years of experience in sales or training role; equivalent experience. 3+ years of experience working in a project, results-driven or field engagement type role is strongly preferred. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear. The employee is frequently required to sit and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT A minimum of 15 - 25% travel may be required in this role. Dual Role Responsibility = 60% Local OpCo Function 40% Market Sales Development activities include but are not limited to: Market-based MA Onboarding, Ongoing sales and technology skill development, and Sales Leadership Development Training. The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. NOTICE: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of the environment and level of work being performed by this job. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only tasks to be performed by the employee in this job. He or she will be required to follow any other instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by his or her supervisor. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Employment Type: Full Time
 Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Writer / Narrative Designer: We’re ArenaNet—we’ve created a studio that makes online worlds infused with innovation, hand-crafted excellence, and creative passion. We're not the only ones who share this passion; gamers made Guild Wars 2 the fastest selling MMO game in the West with more than 3 million copies sold in its first 9 months, and players and press have consistently called it one of the best MMOs of all time. Our studio is built on foundations of excellence with a focus on community. We constantly innovate, unlocking the true potential of online role-playing with game-changing titles like Guild Wars 2 and beyond. The status quo is not good enough for our dedicated worldwide community of players, which is why we question the de facto industry conventions and demand more from ourselves as developers. The role of Narrative as a discipline in the game development process is to provide context and meaning to the gameplay experience, binding all aspects of the game together into a coherent and integrated dramatic journey and cementing the emotional bond between player and game. As our products make clear, ArenaNet is a studio that values and respects that role as essential to the development of a great and successful game project. Thus our Writers/Narrative Designers are full creative partners in that process, from the conception and ideation of IP, game projects, worlds, characters, themes, and tone; to the breaking and outlining of story and character arcs over scenes, missions, sequences, episodes, and seasons; to the writing of character bibles, story documents, and both Golden Path and Living World VO and text scripts. We collaborate intensively as parts of multidisciplinary teams to create unique and unforgettable immersive experiences for our players. This position is senior in nature. RESPONSIBILITIES Drive and/or assist in the creation and development of IP, story, and character arcs, in collaboration with other disciplines Write in-game dialogue, setting or adopting established tone and distinct character voices Write supporting documentation to effectively communicate development of the narrative to team members in all disciplines Design and work with various systems for conveying story in an interactive world, including environmental props, character interactions, and systemic dialogue Use proprietary content creation tools to enhance story design QUALIFICATIONS Expert dramatic writing skills, with a substantial track record of demonstrated proficiency in both games and at least one other narrative medium (screenwriting, playwriting, prose fiction, etc. – writing for the spoken word preferred) Practical and theoretical knowledge and experience regarding the craft of dramatic storytelling across multiple media Demonstrable understanding of and experience in interactive and non-linear storytelling, using non-traditional and non-verbal delivery systems (e.g., environmental storytelling, in-engine storytelling without cutscenes or lore dumps, etc.) Passion for video games and deep knowledge of multiple genres Experience and development knowledge of open-world games Excellent communication, decision-making, and organizational skills Demonstrable experience in world building, character creation, story arc design, dialogue writing, voice casting, and voice direction (portfolio submission required) Collaborative, productive, enthusiastic attitude when working with multidisciplinary teams on story creation and implementation Ability to learn and use proprietary tools to create content Ability to work independently as part of a large, coordinated team to hit deadlines Insatiable intellectual curiosity Burning urge to create Unafraid to make tough calls and embrace the necessity of "killing your darlings" Enthusiasm for lifelong learning, leveling up, and refinement of craft EDUCATION/TRAINING/EXPERIENCE Bachelor's degree or equivalent educational achievement or work experience Minimum of five years’ professional experience as a Narrative Designer or Writer on a game development team Minimum of five years’ professional experience as a writer in another narrative medium (preferably dramatic writing involving spoken dialogue; may be concurrent with game writing experience) Two or more shipped AAA-quality products on which you played a narrative design or writing role Published/produced works—games, screenplays, stage plays, comics, novels, short stories, articles, videos, or other related materials Deep knowledge of games, film, television, literature, comics—especially in fantasy and science-fiction genres PLUSES Experience in other disciplines of game design and development—especially open-world games Familiarity with narrative game systems Light implementation experience This is a full time, on-site position at our studio in Bellevue, Washington. A positive, supportive, collaborative, decidedly non-toxic work environment, comprehensive benefits package, a competitive salary, and more are all part of what makes ArenaNet a great place to work. ArenaNet is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. ArenaNet LLC participates in E-Verify.
Technical Learning Delivery Specialist: This role will require 50% travel and you must be 50 miles from an international airport in the US. Learrning is a critical lever to accelerate Microsoft’s growth as a digital transformation leader, and to enable our customers, partners and our people to develop, achieve success, and thrive. We believe easily accessible learning is an essential part of a diverse and inclusive culture, and the core ingredient to helping people become their best personal and professional selves. This lies at the core of a growth and learner-obsessed culture and mindset. With all of Microsoft’s Learning and Readiness consolidated under one worldwide organization called WW Learning , our mission is to build an enthusiastic learning culture based on industry-leading innovation and aligned for measurable business impact. What this translates into is a Sales and Technical field armed with the most up-to-date product, solution and architectural information and data as well as tools and best practices to enable them to do drive deeper Microsoft-centric relationships and impact with our customer and partner ecosystem. Within WW Learning, the Global Field & Partner Learning team develops and leads cross-segment, role-based learning programs focused on increasing technical, industry, and professional capabilities, to measurably accelerate field and partner performance. Our team delivers learning programs to over 60,000 professionals across our field organization, and to over 1 million learners across our partner ecosystem. The Technical Learning Development Specialist (TLDS) is a Cloud-focused and deeply technical role that both creates and delivers an immersive and hands-on learning experience to our field, partners and customers. The TLDS role is a hybrid role, part Technical Trainer and part Cloud Architect, and is expected to be well versed and very hands-on in Cloud technologies, workloads and scenarios and be able to act as the learning catalyst for our core audiences—i.e. field roles, partner and customer. Their core mission is to develop innovative and amazing learning experiences that are hands-on, practical in nature, and scenario-based in real-world customer solutions. Responsibilities The day-to-day responsibilities for this role would be as follows: Leveraging the Intelligent Cloud (IC) Boot Camps as a source of technical content and resources, which this role will augment and extend against the core Azure Hero Solutions. Collaborating across Microsoft (e.g. with BG, STU, CSE, etc.) to ensure we land and scale technical, hands-on learning experiences to the Microsoft field and partners. Working with the Technical Learning Specialists/Field Enablement roles (within WWL) to extend curated content, for example, integrating reference architecture patterns into re-deliverable Boot Camps, that can be leveraged for more immersive, hands-on architecture and coding experiences, and building team-centric white-boarding exercises from real-world customer scenarios. Working with Instructional Designers, who will help design a deeply immersive learning and hands-on environment—ensuring any real-world feedback is incorporated back into the learning experiences. Delivering the aforementioned content at a variety of worldwide technical events—such as regional Boot Camps, Cloud Workshops, partner training workshops, and so on. Working with the Field Enablement team, who are the regional CLOs and emissaries of WWL, to ensure we’re aligned to regional learning and development strategies across field, partner and customer. Create rich libraries of open-source content/resources (e.g. scenario-based code artifacts and reference architecture patterns) that can be shared with our core audiences and workshop participants. Qualifications Key skills for the role are as follows: Understanding of Agile software development methodology and practice. Experience as a Technical or Cloud Evangelist, Solution Architect or Azure Trainer—skilled at assembling an end-to-end learning experience that runs from requirements understanding to architectural patterns to implementation. Deep Cloud Expert (e.g. Solution Architect with Azure experience). Technical understanding in Data/AI, Apps and/or Infrastructure and core customer needs within these domains. Hands-on proficiency with various systems, platforms and frameworks—e.g., MSFT, OSS, Docker, etc. Deep understanding of the Customer Cloud journey (and the challenges that customers of all sizes face within that journey). Ability to travel worldwide. This specific role will focus on technical aspects within _Apps & Infra and/or Data & AI_ Solution Area—e.g. Cloud-based apps, infrastructure migration, data platform, artificial intelligence and data science, etc. This role will also demonstrate exceptional organizational and communication skills and can work under compressed deadlines in a fast-paced dynamic environment that demands flexibility, high quality, and creativity. The team will partner with a wide range of stakeholders and teams to develop and deliver best-in-class content and learning experiences. Cross-group Collaboration and influencing without authority is critical to ensure the greatest potential impact against our business objectives. The team’s culture is one that respects enjoying your job, having a good work- life balance, and we deeply believe in diversity and inclusion and driving our own growth—both at the individual and team level. Preferred Qualifications: Background in a high-energy, agile environment (software development, architecture and/or consulting environments preferred). Master’s, MBA or related field preferred with 7 years relevant experience. At least 5 years of working experience in technical training, consulting (around Cloud technologies) and/or evangelism. In-depth Knowledge of appropriate technologies. Demonstrated expertise collaborating across multiple stakeholder groups to deliver global solutions. Ability to Influence without or beyond the scope of authority. Able to create results in a fast paced environment while having a strong attention to detail while addressing the needs of competing priorities and deadlines. Strong communication skills, both written and oral Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Director, Cross-Industry Corporate Learning: Are you passionate about learning and feel empowered by Microsoft’s culture of wanting to “learn it all”? Do you recognize the unique set of tools and capabilities the Microsoft Cloud has to offer in the corporate learning and human capital development segment? Are you excited to help drive the learning transformation at the core of the digital transformation of our largest customers and partners? If the answer is yes and you have experience in the Corporate Learning or Human Capital Development domain we have an exciting new opportunity for a senior Business Strategy Leader (BSL) to join the Worldwide Corporate Learning team in the Enterprise Cross-Industry Strategy & Sales Group to drive impact with our customers, partners and Field teams around the world and help us realize our vision to ‘Empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more’. In a world where innovation takes place at a faster pace than ever before the Digital Transformation is affecting all industries in significant ways, helping to solve challenges, uncover opportunities and create new business models. In this new reality where constant change is the “new normal” the Digital Transformation starts with People transformation and Culture, and Corporate & Organizational Learning play a critical role. At Microsoft we have unique Cloud Productivity, Cloud Platform, Data & AI and Collaboration tools that can help accelerate our customers and partners’ transformation. The Corporate Learning BSL has deep expertise in the Corporate Learning, Human Capital Development or related industry, and has experience driving high priority internal and/or customer initiatives around learning in collaboration with the field organization and corporate resources. The BSL role is a strategic, customer facing role accountable for achieving showcase wins and successful adoption and deployment of Microsoft cloud technology and products in the Learning space at large enterprise customers, driving engagements with Chief Learning Officers and equivalent executive BDMs, in partnership with the ATU, STU, CSU, Services and other internal sales and marketing teams. Responsibilities Core responsibilities of the BSL role include: Help drive the strategy and execution for the company’s Corporate Learning strategy with large enterprise customers and partners across priority and emerging industries Be a trusted advisor for customer and partner’s Chief Learning Officers and other Human Capital executives to help establish Microsoft as a thought leader and help execute their internal learning agenda with their ITDMs Drive enterprise customer and partner’s engagements leading to POCs and showcase references of how our cloud technologies & platforms can help the learning & people transformation of the digital transformation Build and drive partnerships with advisory firms and consulting partners aimed at establishing Microsoft as a trusted technology provider to the Corporate Learning and Human Capital development space Identify, validate and grow opportunities, in partnership with the industries sales/account teams and appropriate partners, for deployment of Microsoft and/or 3rd party industry solutions in our partner ecosystem Build the engagement model to scale our “learnings” to the Field and help accelerate deployment and impact; help drive and create leads and transform them into opportunities, in partnership with Field resources Keep up to date with Corporate Learning, Human Capital and Technology innovation, market trends, competitive insights and industry regulatory/compliance requirements and propose/incorporate appropriate adjustments to our strategy and execution Coach sellers, solutions specialists and other customer-facing resources to become fluent in the opportunities related to Corporate Learning and more easily execute on them Qualifications Experiences needed to excel in this role include: Solid understanding of cloud computing technologies, business drivers, and emerging computing trends, particularly as they apply to Corporate Learning and Human Capital Development Experience and success in pre-sales, consultative selling, implementing and deploying complex, business critical industry solutions, including cloud-based or hybrid solutions Proven track record of building deep business relationships with senior Chief Learning Executives or similar Human Capital executives and driving account penetration and consumption share in large or highly strategic accounts Experience working with the Field through effective engagement models that scale early POCs and/or showcase wins and customer references to the sales organization Collaborative, problem-solving mentality leveraging internal and/or external resources and creating communities and virtual teams of experts to share best practices Growth mindset, open minded, willing to share progress and experiences with others, as well as to build on the ideas of others; fail fast and adjust mentality embracing the changing nature of technology and the evolution of the Corporate Learning space Exceptional verbal and written communication, including presentation skills in EBCs and industry events Prior Work and Education Experience: Work experience in the Corporate Learning and/or Human Capital Development space with a technology or software company, or equivalent experience as Chief Learning Officer or Human Capital Development Manager at Enterprise organization preferred Experience in executive level customer and/or partner facing sales role Experience with Cloud Productivity, Cloud Platform, Data & AI and Collaboration tools, ideally through Microsoft product offerings Knowledge of the software industry and software product development cycles Technical degree with MBA or Data Science specialization preferred Must be able to travel Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Technician/Agent. Geek Squad Advance Repair: Our Agents quickly and accurately diagnose client technology issues using specialty software and make solution-based recommendations to our clients in a timely fashion. This is a highly-coveted technology role that is perfect for geeks who thrive on both customer interaction and heads down troubleshooting. Geek Squad Advanced Repair Agents are highly regarded members of the team who are on a mission to rescue clients' software and hardware before time runs out. Key Accountabilities: Perform diagnostics and navigate requested and recommended repairs in a timely fashion Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client devices Partner with other team members to ensure proper documentation of client requests Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: 6+ months experience diagnosing, troubleshooting, or repairing technology products Experience actively using and learning about consumer electronics Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 SVP, Customer Experience & Insights: The SVP, Customer Experience & Insights will come in every day with the incredibly rewarding and critical responsibility of ensuring that DiscoverOrg’s customers are raving fans who consistently use our award-winning B2B intelligence to accelerate their growth. This individual will lead the development and the execution of cross-functional strategies to improve customer engagement, renewal, and advocacy - all based on a deep foundation of customer insights and analytics. Ultimately, this key leader will own 4 key operational metrics including 1) logo renewal rates, 2) platform adoption, 3) customer satisfaction, and 4) customer advocacy. DiscoverOrg operates at an incredibly quick pace, and the right person for this role must be able to move fast, hit the ground running, and deliver quick wins while building long-term strategies. Responsibilities Key Responsibilities: Enable and elevate data-driven decision-making that elevates overall renewal rates and customer experience Provide in-depth visibility and critical intel into the behavior (both in-platform and outside) and characteristics of our customer base - how these change over time and what impact they have on our renewal and retention rates Unite disparate customer data points across multiple systems and sources to design and build a scalable platform for evaluating customer health at each point in our customers’ lifecycle Build and define our customer segmentation model and align cross-functional teams around the model - from how we train to message to support to upsell Design and implement processes and systems to ensure we have accurate and complete customer data on an ongoing basis Align the entire DiscoverOrg organization to deliver an optimized, cross-functional customer experience Map the entire customer lifecycle journey to identify opportunities for improvement - from product to sales to onboarding to support to ongoing marketing to renewal and upsell Ensure that key measures of success are in place for each point along the journey and that the entire organization is able track against those KPIs Establish proactive customer listening mechanisms and feedback loops that deliver the voice of the customer back into the organization to drive strategic improvements to our roadmap, marketing strategies, sales strategies, and training programs Lead our mission-critical customer training, customer marketing, and customer support teams while building strong cross-functional relationships with marketing, product, sales, and account management to create a customer-centric organization Qualifications Key Requirements Passion and knowledge of cross-functional B2B customer experience best practices Proven success increasing customer adoption and renewal rates through implementation of best practices Proven ability to develop a data-driven and 360 degree view of customer segments - leading to the development of a comprehensive, targeted strategy designed to drive increases in adoption, renewal, and advocacy Proven ability to build confidence with customers and effectively listen to their requests and needs Ability to establish and facilitate effective working relationships with all levels of the DiscoverOrg team and across multiple departments Proven experience developing customer journey maps, identifying areas of dissatisfaction in the experience and developing plans to monitor and make improvements to the experience Strong process/project management skills with the ability to manage and implement strategies rapidly - with a test and refine approach Proven ability to quickly identify root causes of issues and organize and prioritize multiple competing deadlines Proven ability to understand key business drivers and utilize analytical findings in order to map process solution design Proven ability in leading, coaching and mentoring employees to improve performance Exceptionally strong verbal and written communication skills Experience with customer experience technologies, including survey tools, NPS, Totango (or similar program), and Pendo Strong experience with quantitative and analytical tools, including Excel, Tableau, SPSS, and SAS B.A required; MBA preferred Experience using DiscoverOrg platform preferred Experience in a previous sales or marketing role preferred Benefits We offer an attractive benefits plan with health benefits that include three medical coverage options, vision and dental coverage – HSA, FSA, 401(k) with employer match, paid parental leave, paid time off, paid sick leave, short- term and long-term disability, life insurance, and AD&D; insurance. Why You Should Join DiscoverOrg: A 7-time honoree of the Inc. 5000 fastest growing private companies Only company to win FOUR company CODiE awards in the same year A three time recipient of the Deloitte Fast 500 award Headquartered in Vancouver Has been profitable for the past 10 years Was named the 2017 Growth Company of the Year at the Oregon Technology Awards Is the industry bellwether with award winning products Supported by an award winning Learning and Development team Is led by an EY Entrepreneur of the Year finalist Has an impressive 7 star rating on Glassdoor Is honored to be a 2017 Fortune Magazine Best Workplaces , and Finally, is recognized as a 2017 Inc. Magazine Top 50 Best Workplaces
Elementary NILD Educational Therapist: This is a part time 0-19hrs/week position. _Looking for an opportunity to impact the future?_ Then King’s Schools is for you! King’s Schools is the independent preschool through high school Christian school of choice in the Seattle area. Our faculty are passionate about education. They invest in their students through award-winning teaching, mentoring and collaboration. In a close knit community of engaged students, supportive and active parents, caring and innovative faculty, students are challenged to grow intellectually and given opportunities to build character, preparing them for college and more importantly for life. POSITION SUMMARY The NILD Educational Therapist is responsible for providing a supplemental educational program that strengthens the deficit learning areas of children and facilitates their satisfactory classroom performance. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS (General overview and may not include all details of responsibilities) DUTIES Work with Academic Services Coordinator, principal, and teachers to identify students with special learning needs. Develop an individually designed program of therapy specifically to meet the needs of each child in therapy. Develop major educational goals and teach regularly scheduled therapy sessions using the appropriate methods and materials selected for each child. Consult with classroom teachers on a regular basis regarding the progress of students, and be a resource to the teachers for the child’s total educational program; issue and collect contracts for proper billing. Administer suggested battery of educational tests at the beginning and/or end of the year to ascertain student progress and then report the findings to the coordinator, principal, parents and classroom teacher. Oversee setting of schedules for instruction of students in program. Schedule regular meetings for parents to observe therapy sessions of their child and to discuss mutual concerns. Meet with and educate parents of each student to assist their child(ren) in the methods and materials of the program. Attend the following: General orientation meetings, NILD Conferences, parent support group conferences and other meetings requested by the coordinator and/or principal to promote the program and/or educate others concerning the program. Work collaboratively with supervisor, coworkers and customers. Perform other related duties as assigned. _Personal conduct that reflects well on CRISTA Ministries and supports our personal conduct policy_ _Perform all duties consistent with the CRISTA Ministries Mission Statement_ ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS CHRIST CENTERED A deep and abiding faith that is fully surrendered to the will of Jesus Christ, evidenced by a lifestyle that is consistent with biblical principles in word and deed. Commitment to spiritual growth and development. Demonstrates the values of a CRISTA leader. EDUCATION _Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university recognized by the United States Department of Education or equivalent._ LICENSURE / CERTIFICATION NILD Level 1 Certificate, CPR/First Aid/AED Training SOFTWARE / EQUIPMENT KNOWLEDGE Office 365 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS EDUCATION NILD Advanced Course Work EXPERIENCE Two years of teaching LICENSURE / CERTIFICATION Teaching Certificate SOFTWARE / EQUIPMENT KNOWLEDGE One Note, RenWeb, NWEA MAP Growth Assessment, Rubicon Atlas Curriculum Mapping OTHER CONSIDERATIONS The educational therapist should continue to participate in seminars, advanced courses, and any other learning opportunities to keep updated on current research and trends in Special Education.
 STEM Specialist: Macmillan Learning is a part of the family-owned Holtzbrinck group of companies and is one of the leading educational technology companies. Through deep partnership with the world's best researchers, educators, administrators, and developers, we facilitate teaching and learning opportunities that spark student engagement and improve outcomes. We provide educators with tailored solutions designed to inspire student curiosity and measure progress. Macmillan Learning is comprised of renowned brands including Bedford/St. Martins, W.H. Freeman, Worth Publishers, Sapling Learning, SkyFactor, Intellus Learning, Late Nite Labs, and Hayden-McNeil. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to reflecting a broad representation of differences - race, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, physical ability, age, family status, economic background and status, geographical background and status, and perspective- in our workplace. The successful candidate for this position will become an employee of Bedford Freeman & Worth Publishing Group, LLC (“BFW”), d/b/a Macmillan Learning. Bedford Freeman & Worth Publishing Group, LLC has developed an affirmative action program in compliance with the NY Department of Education’s guidance. Portions of the affirmative action program are available for review by applicants and employees by contacting Human Resources. The STEM Specialist will be responsible for helping to drive sales in their designated discipline higher education markets. While the position involves providing important feedback to marketing and editorial teams, the primary focus is on driving sales through active support of sales representatives and managers in the field. The STEM Specialist will conduct sales presentations for large opportunities and create and implement closing strategies post presentation; they will also serve as the communication conduit for marketing/editorial to the field sales rep for our disciplines. There is a significant training component to this position including training developing reps in our disciplines as well as conducting in person or virtual technology training for our customers. The Specialist is expected to travel as needed, especially during the primary selling seasons. Travel also includes regional and national conferences, as well as various training, marketing, and sales events. Major Responsibilities: Collaborate with sales representatives, sales managers, marketing/editorial managers, STEM Consulting Scientists, custom specialists Develop key sales targets and demonstrate strategic territory management Assist in exceeding annual sales goals by working with sales teams to prioritize, consult and close top sales targets Develop in-depth product/process knowledge of the STEM product lines Develop in-depth knowledge of competitors’ products Work with publishers, editors, marketing managers, and national consultants to develop successful strategies designed to gain market share. Communicate and reinforce those strategies at regional and national meetings, and during work trips in the field with sales representatives Provide ongoing research and feedback on products, trends, and other developments in the field to sales management, marketing and editorial via Trip Reports and consistent usage of the CRM Assist with the planning and support of national, regional, and local meetings and impact events Provide leadership, training and support for sales representatives with regards to new company initiatives and products Required Skills / Knowledge: Proven presentation skills Customer focus (internal and external customers) Technical capability Relationship building/ teamwork (incorporating communication, influencing & collaboration) People management (incorporating resource planning, performance management, development and motivation) Leadership (incorporating team leadership, professional impact, networking, continuing professional development) Education/Experience Needed: Degree from an accredited 4-year university or college Minimum two years of successful college sales experience, with demonstrated success selling in the Science disciplines Ability to work well both independently and collaboratively with field sales team and marketing/editorial
Style Guide: ABOUT THE ROLE: At Indochino, we are always looking for fashion enthusiasts to be a part of our team! Currently, we are looking for Style Guides to join our Showroom. As a Style Guide you will be an expert on Indochino style, design, quality, and service, you will drive business by providing exceptional customer experience to all new and existing clients while also supporting the overall operational needs of the showroom. Provide consistent personalized service to every customer to meet their individual needs Reach and exceed all metric based goals, including appointment numbers, sales targets, AOV and conversion Build strong, lasting relationships on behalf of Indochino with high value clients in Chicago to increase high value client base Maintains positive, respectful, professional work environment Provide feedback, ideas, and new initiatives to Retail Operations Manager, and have a voice on how we continue to build the showroom concept at Indochino Assist retail operations department and marketing department in all retail initiatives in the showroom Solve problems with initiative, by asking questions, and not waiting for someone to do it for you. Be an entrepreneur ABOUT YOU: You are passionate about fashion and have a way of delivery customer service that is simply top-notch. You are an exceptional team player and understand what it takes to help and support everyone so together we succeed as a team. In addition, the following also describes you: Strong selling skills, passion for menswear, and experience working in a clientele based environment. Customer service oriented with a natural desire to care for the needs of others Strongly identifies with the Indochino brand and wants to help grow the Showroom concept Strong problem solving ability coupled with excellent time management and organizational skills Deep desire to put drive & effort into your work Knowledge about men's tailoring, pattern design, garment alterations, and fabrics preferred WHY YOU SHOULD WORK AT INDOCHINO: Of course you will get great compensation, but there are a few things that set us apart. Ground floor opportunity: influence the strategic and operational direction of Indochino’s growing retail department Your co-workers will be outstanding. The people here are really terrific. We’re continually learning from each other. We truly collaborate. You will work and partner with a variety of different teams from merchandising, technology, operations and anything in between. We’re shaking things up in the apparel world. If you have ambition and a strong point of view (with the skills to back it up) you’ll have a good time at Indochino. If this sounds like something you’d love to do, and you know you’re the person for us, visit our careers page, tell us a bit about yourself, we’d love to hear from you!
Associate: Meet Marx|Okubo. Are you someone that has insatiable curiosity, always digging deeper to understand or innovate? Do you thrive when collaborating with others? Founded over 35 years ago, Marx|Okubo is an employee-owned architecture, engineering and construction consulting firm with nine offices across the country. We work with real estate owners, investors and lenders—at every point of the property lifecycle—to evaluate their building projects, solve complex challenges and implement tailored solutions. We help clients understand their projects’ complexities so they can make more informed decisions and, ultimately, mitigate their risk. Because of our need to uncover details with a 360-view, as well as continually evolve and hold ourselves—and the industry—to a higher standard, we have earned a reputation as “the gold standard” in what we do. Here at Marx|Okubo, we are a team of collaborative, bright and seasoned architects, engineers, construction and real estate professionals, with projects nationwide. We have broad technical expertise, yet deep local knowledge. We value collaboration, and we never stop learning. We truly value our different backgrounds and what each individual brings to the team. We genuinely care about and get to know our clients. And we care about balance—we are family-focused and work hard and play hard. As for loyalty, it is never lost on us and gets rewarded in many ways. What’s more? Our benefits happen to be some of the most progressive and competitive you will find in the industry. Here are a few highlights: Vested in you : As we are an ESOP, each employee owns a portion of the company. Planning for your future : We have a 30% match on 401(k) contributions. Staying healthy : We contribute 100% of employee health premiums. Commitment to your growth : We want to see our employees grow—when new positions arise, existing employees are considered first. Supporting education : We encourage continuing education and provide education/licensure/ tuition benefits. Position description An associate is a licensed architect, engineer or construction manager, and is responsible for understanding all aspects of the project being reviewed relative to its scope and client requirements. Act as technical team member and small project lead. Collaborate with the client, internal team, consultants and site contact; ultimately be responsible for an overall understanding of their project. Review and analyze building construction and condition. Review and analyze contract documents including drawings, specifications, contracts and budgets. Perform construction monitoring and property condition assessments. Preparation of formal reports. Our work covers most commercial building types, including office, retail, industrial, hotel/hospitality and multifamily. Desired skills and experience Bachelor’s degree in architecture, civil engineering, construction management or related field is required. Minimum 5 years of industry-related experience at an architecture, engineering or construction company. Technical level of understanding of most building types in order to perform services of the organization with limited supervision. Good understanding of construction processes and activities. Construction administration experience. Solid understanding of building materials and methods. Ability to work under deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Solid understanding of the technical aspects of building enclosures, structures, and systems. Knowledge of construction contract types and forms. Proficient in Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel. Proficient in AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Plan Grid and Box. Strong organizational skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. To apply, please submit your resume on our Career Center. Copy and paste this URL https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=marxokubo &ccId;=19000101_000001&type;=JS〈=en_US
Security Analyst: Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. Job description The Security Operations Analyst role is tasked with evaluating Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (WDATP) related events flagged for review by established strategies. This evaluation is performed with various validation tools, understanding and application of computer security topics and malware infections, and identification of new techniques to make quick decisions with a high rate of accuracy. The person in this role will contribute to the strategic development of a new pilot program aimed at further enhancing the world class experience for WDATP customers. The Security Operations Analyst is expected to adhere to numerous Key Performance Indicators to ensure decisions are made balancing factors such as risk tolerance and customer experience. Another responsibility of this role is to help train machine learning models by labeling transactions, queries, or other entity pairings. Operations Analyst’s key responsibilities Apply business knowledge, awareness of known attacker techniques, and use of Excel and various validation tools to provide alert determinations (TP/FP) on WDATP customer alerts; Identification and escalation of novel testing approaches; Raise team awareness on testing trends, including syncs with SMEs on current patterns; Propose process enhancements and improved tool functionality; Work with Customer Support to resolve escalations; Adhere to platform KPIs related to accuracy, decision time, and productivity Knowledge, experience, and behaviors Ability to deal comfortably with daily recurring tasks Desire to proactively uncover new attack patterns Willingness to raise awareness of patterns, including presentations Excellent spoken and written English Ability to make decisions with speed and confidence Self-motivated, strong team player Desire to contribute to a highly technical world-class team supporting on a world-class product for a world-class company Essential qualifications 1+ year experience with computer security and/or malware analysis 1+ year experience analyzing large amounts of data Strong capabilities in Microsoft products like Office’s Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Knowledge and experience with Advanced Persistent Threats (APT’s) a plus Working relationships The Operations Analyst’s responsibility spans across all Microsoft geographies and is not limited to the actual working location. It is important to be able to reach out to other departments in the company, promoting and representing the team’s objectives. Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.
 Research Associate, Primary Research: In just a little over a decade, PitchBook has grown into a global organization with offices in Seattle, San Francisco, New York and London. With consistent high double-digit growth since 2009, the company has become the industry’s leading source of private market data, serving more than 3,000 clients around the world. As a three-time winner of the Best Workplaces in Washington award, PitchBook is committed to fostering an open, collaborative work environment driven by excellence, inclusion and fun. Our culture is at the heart of our success, and it’s something we work on every day. Our primary home for the last decade, PitchBook’s Seattle office has grown from humble beginnings in a 200-square-foot windowless room to our current three-floor home in a downtown skyscraper. Located just blocks away from Pike Place Market and historic Pioneer Square, our headquarters boast stunning mountain views, open collaboration spaces and a startup culture that emphasizes hard work and camaraderie. Working in our Seattle office means growing your career alongside smart, dedicated people in the city where it all began. Team Overview The Research team is one of the largest teams at PitchBook Data, totaling over three hundred people across three continents. It is responsible for the core of what we do as a company, provide high quality data on the private markets. This is done through our various data collection processes consisting of web- based data scraping, entering of data from publicly available documents, web researching of hard-to-find information, and direct communication with executives/investors/advisors involved in transactions and fundraising. We also like to have fun and believe strongly in some of our traditions such as baked good Mondays, potluck breakfast Fridays and our Panther mascot. Job Overview We are looking for Primary Research Associates to help our teams collect data, improve outreach processes and create relationships with high level executives at private equity and venture capital investment firms, the advisors they work with, or the companies they back. It is our job as PitchBook's Research department to build and maintain the detailed and high-quality data on the venture capital, private equity, and M &A; industries that thousands of professionals across the private markets rely on to find their next big opportunity. Team members in this role will focus on direct outreach data collection while also developing a sophisticated knowledge of alternative investment practices and contributing to process and efficiency improvements along the way. Note that this is not an academic-type research position and does not require a deep understanding of advanced statistical methods. About the Research Associate Role: Nearly everyone in Research starts as a Research Associate. In this role you will join one of our dataset teams with an initial focus on mastering our data management tool and direct outreach processes. Once mastered, you will create outbound campaigns using email and/or phone calls to gather and update data in our platform. The focus will be on primary research, which is the collection of proprietary data obtained from contacts at investment and advisory firms involved in PE and VC deals, or the companies being funded with private capital. This learning process and growth of industry knowledge creates a pathway for our Primary Research Associates to grow into Senior Research Associates and Team Leads within Research or a variety of roles on other teams at PitchBook. Responsibilities: Building relationships with industry professionals at private equity and venture capital backed companies, service providers or private investment firms Managing email and/or call campaigns with the goal of gathering and verifying private markets data Working with marketing, editorial and customer success teams to tailor email messaging, meet reporting deadlines and better understand client use cases Leveraging technology-based tools to ensure that proprietary data is added to the PitchBook Platform efficiently and with the utmost quality Working with team to develop and improve processes, tools and methodologies Taking on projects to identify opportunities to improve upon the core quality metrics (comprehensiveness, accuracy, timeliness) Becoming an expert in PitchBook’s core research areas of private equity, venture capital and M &A; through dedicated training You may be the right candidate if you have: Amazing communication skills, both verbal and in written materials, targeting an audience all the way up to the executive level A strong sense of urgency, as well as comfort making a high volume of outbound calls on a daily basis The belief that anything below excellent isn’t good enough and expectations of the same from those on your team The ability to work both independently and as part of a team Strong organization methods and top-notch multi-tasking skills Incessant curiosity, innovative thinking and meticulous work habits A background or interest in the private equity, venture capital and M &A; industries 1 – 2 years professional experience, which might be in the form of an internship Bachelor’s degree required Company Overview At PitchBook, we provide transparency into the capital markets by organizing the world’s meaningful business information and making it useful to our customers. We work tirelessly to arm global professionals with comprehensive data on the entire venture capital, private equity and M &A; landscape—including companies, investors, funds, investments, exits and people—so they can discover and execute opportunities with confidence. Our data and analysis are available through our award-winning flagship product, the PitchBook Platform, as well as our powerful suite of integrated tools, industry news and in-depth reports. If you are ready to start the conversation about how you might contribute to all the happenings at PitchBook, submit your resume today! PitchBook appreciates and respects diversity, and as such, we are an equal opportunity employer.
 Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Services Advisor: Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all of our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Our Services Advisors are experts in showcasing and interacting with Microsoft devices and software, providing world class service at our Answer Desk in-store. Through these customer engagements, Services Advisors help both consumer and business customers to see what is possible with technology, ultimately empowering them to achieve more through one to one support, personal training sessions, and small group workshops. Responsibilities Customer Obsession Empathetically assess customer support needs through listening, diagnosing, and repairing their devices, helping customers discover, use, and love Microsoft hardware, software, and services\ Deliver collaborative and enrichening one-on-one training sessions to both consumer and business customers, helping them acquire the skills needed to enhance their knowledge around our products and services Technological Capability Identify and communicate potentially complex repair situations to store leadership as appropriate, maximizing time efficiency in resolution with a high-level attention to detail Continuously maintain technical knowledge by learning through others, along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Drive for Results Proactively assess customer’s needs and recommend complete solutions that enhances their overall customer experience Takes responsibility in delivering on commitments and seeks positive results that benefit customers, both externally and internally Collaboration Feel empowered to engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in our customers lives Combines resources and joins efforts with teammates to achieve store and company goals Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Qualifications Required Qualifications 1 year as a computer technician or helpdesk support or 1 year in a computer or technology education program Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Strong verbal & written communication skills and a high-level attention to detail Thrive in a fast-paced team oriented, dynamic, public-facing environment driven to achieve results Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative service environment Previous technology/product/software teaching or training experience Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Account Executive: The Account Executive at Microsoft serves as the face of Microsoft leading our most valued customers into the digital age. This role is vital to Microsoft’s competitive ambitions. Traditional sales engagement methods have evolved, and customers are seeking consultative partnerships, not vendor, customer relationships. Armed with world class cloud solutions, your role is to unlock the potential of enterprise customers by demonstrating clear business value accelerating their digital transition and success. High level customer satisfaction is a key measure, as are revenue/consumption targets. The most successful Account Executives are ultra-resourceful, master orchestrators of virtual teams, and exceptionally curious to listen and learn from their customers. These attributes allow them to advise confidently and elevate their customer’s business. This role offers incredible opportunity to accelerate your career by driving business impact that can change the future. Be a part of a transformative, learning culture that drives innovation. It has never been a better time join Microsoft and see up close the digital revolution. Responsibilities Leadership Plan and present clear vision of customer success Build and own holistic customer plan detailing critical insights and new business opportunities. Critical that plan is made to evolve and continually vetted ensuring stated objectives. Strive for bold ambition and challenge convention. Build coalition of support at C-level both inside Microsoft and with customer. Define digital success and path to attain. Develop and lead team centric approach with extended teams. Direct clear opportunity ownership among virtual account team. Increase technical and industry acumen delivering innovative ideas to accelerate customer success in the cloud. Execution Laser focus on business outcomes that propel customer satisfaction Consistent, repeatable achievement of revenue and consumption targets through disciplined pipeline, forecast management. Leverage and usage of key business insights to elevate customer conversation and action. World class customer service through alignment of customer objectives and plan to achieve. Deliver tangible solutions to customers solving for greater efficiencies, cost savings, and deep regard for Microsoft partnership. Capabilities & Behaviors Required Sales Achiever – Achieve results by understanding digital transformation drivers and customer priorities. Identify new opportunities and help customers accelerate their move to the digital age for their own benefit as well as their customers. Digital Transformation Driver – Anticipate market changes to drive industry-relevant solutions to customers, influencing BDMs and ITDMs, building trust with stakeholders and translating Microsoft solutions into business impact and outcomes that accelerate the customer’s digital transformation Sales Challenger – Continuously build industry and technical knowledge. Bring innovative industry solutions, benchmarks and references to C-level executives that drive greater efficiencies, optimization and increase customer satisfaction Deal Orchestrator – Orchestrate virtual selling team and all Microsoft resources maximizing revenue opportunity. Lead and drive entire sales cycle and leveraging repeatable offerings to accelerate and win deals Qualifications Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge : Strong growth mindset. Seeks to solve for difficult customer challenges. Proven ability to lead, build trust and be highly credible across levels of organizations. A strong sales and business background, with 2+ years of technology-related experience Knowledge within Industry and ability to make confident recommendations at C-level, business decision makers. A Bachelor’s degree with exposure to Information Technology (or equivalent) is required; MBA is preferred. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Social Media Marketing Specialist: UWorld is the worldwide leader in online practice learning banks. Since 2003, millions of students have used our products to prepare for their high-stakes examinations. We know that students facing difficult, high-pressure exams need outstanding practice resources so they can perform their best. We employ only the most talented, passionate and creative professionals to create practice questions and self-assessment exams that match the style and difficulty level of the actual exams. When the results of an exam matter, UWorld is the destination for those who seek to be adequately prepared. Position Summary UWorld is seeking a Social Media Marketing Specialist to create and measure engaging social media campaigns for our suite of exam preparatory products. From researching buyer personas to creating the content and working with Design to create a library of social media posts, the Social Media Marketing Specialist will work to generate new followers, awareness for the company, and subscribers for UWorld’s various products. QUALIFICATIONS Minimum Education Required Associate degree in marketing, business, communications or related field required or ongoing education and equivalent experience Minimum Experience Required Extensive knowledge of social media platforms (Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, Reddit, etc.), posting guidelines, trends, and deep understanding of best practices Previous experience conducting market research Previous general marketing experience preferred Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Solid market research and reporting skills Ability to define and report metrics of success Superior organizational and self-motivation skills Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills Must be meticulously organized in collecting, storing and reporting on data Ability to work well within a team environment with competing priorities Ability to react in a constructive manner to direct feedback and constructive criticism Exceptional attention to detail with respect to adhering to and enforcing UWorld brand standards JOB DUTIES (including but not limited to): Market Research Perform market research on target market(s) Conduct thorough and vetted market research on target audiences and which types of social media they consume to make decisions Marketing Strategy Work with product owners and UWorld marketing team to define social strategy Outline differentiators and market positioning Campaign Prep & Misc. Recommend content to generate visibility and social engagement Serve as moderator on social boards and reply to comments Work within the UWorld marketing team to produce campaigns Regularly report metrics to measure success Organize collateral library Enforce UWorld design/brand standards _“UWorld is an equal opportunity employer of all qualified persons. The Company does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, handicap or disability, or age in any of its policies, procedures, or practices in compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (pertaining to race, color, and national origin), Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (pertaining to handicap), and the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 (pertaining to age). This non-discriminatory policy covers hiring and employment at the Company.”_
 Style Guide: ABOUT THE ROLE: At Indochino, we are always looking for fashion enthusiasts to be a part of our team! Currently, we are looking for Style Guides to join our Showroom. As a Style Guide you will be an expert on Indochino style, design, quality, and service, you will drive business by providing exceptional customer experience to all new and existing clients while also supporting the overall operational needs of the showroom. Provide consistent personalized service to every customer to meet their individual needs Reach and exceed all metric based goals, including appointment numbers, sales targets, AOV and conversion Build strong, lasting relationships on behalf of Indochino with high value clients in the area to increase high value client base Maintains positive, respectful, professional work environment Provide feedback, ideas, and new initiatives to Retail Operations Manager, and have a voice on how we continue to build the showroom concept at Indochino Assist retail operations department and marketing department in all retail initiatives in the showroom Solve problems with initiative, by asking questions, and not waiting for someone to do it for you. Be an entrepreneur ABOUT YOU: You are passionate about fashion and have a way of delivery customer service that is simply top-notch. You are an exceptional team player and understand what it takes to help and support everyone so together we succeed as a team. In addition, the following also describes you: Strong selling skills, passion for menswear, and experience working in a clientele based environment. Customer service oriented with a natural desire to care for the needs of others Strongly identifies with the Indochino brand and wants to help grow the Showroom concept Strong problem solving ability coupled with excellent time management and organizational skills Deep desire to put drive & effort into your work Knowledge about men's tailoring, pattern design, garment alterations, and fabrics preferred WHY YOU SHOULD WORK AT INDOCHINO: Of course you will get great compensation, but there are a few things that set us apart. Ground floor opportunity: influence the strategic and operational direction of Indochino’s growing retail department Your co-workers will be outstanding. The people here are really terrific. We’re continually learning from each other. We truly collaborate. You will work and partner with a variety of different teams from merchandising, technology, operations and anything in between. We’re shaking things up in the apparel world. If you have ambition and a strong point of view (with the skills to back it up) you’ll have a good time at Indochino. If this sounds like something you’d love to do, and you know you’re the person for us, visit our careers page, tell us a bit about yourself, we’d love to hear from you!
Geek Squad Cadet - Store 2504 - Dallas, TX: As a Cadet, you will travel via Geekmobile from the precinct to our client’s home and assist with the delivery and basic installation of technology products alongside a seasoned Agent. You’ll provide our clients service that exceeds expectations by handling appointments with care, asking the right questions to enhance the client experience, and providing prompt follow up of recommendations as well as solutions. This is a great opportunity to build your career with Geek Squad by learning all about our products and services. You will also increase your skills through training and on-the-job opportunities. Key accountabilities: Perform a variety of fulfillment duties for clients in their homes including delivery, installation and networking with a primary focus on Home Theater technology Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client devices Provide timely updates to the client and store precincts Responsibly manage inventory and Geekmobile maintenance Provide feedback and training to store teams as well as assist in store stock repairs Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: Experience actively using and learning about consumer electronics Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends 6 months consumer electronics experience (sales, operations or services) 21 years of age or more Current valid driver’s license and a clear driving record Life or maneuver 75 lb. with/without reasonable accommodation and team lift up to 150 lb. What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Associate: Meet Marx|Okubo. Are you someone that has insatiable curiosity, always digging deeper to understand or innovate? Do you thrive when collaborating with others? Founded over 35 years ago, Marx|Okubo is an employee-owned architecture, engineering and construction consulting firm with nine offices across the country. We work with real estate owners, investors and lenders—at every point of the property lifecycle—to evaluate their building projects, solve complex challenges and implement tailored solutions. We help clients understand their projects’ complexities so they can make more informed decisions and, ultimately, mitigate their risk. Because of our need to uncover details with a 360-view, as well as continually evolve and hold ourselves—and the industry—to a higher standard, we have earned a reputation as “the gold standard” in what we do. Here at Marx|Okubo, we are a team of collaborative, bright and seasoned architects, engineers, construction and real estate professionals, with projects nationwide. We have broad technical expertise, yet deep local knowledge. We value collaboration, and we never stop learning. We truly value our different backgrounds and what each individual brings to the team. We genuinely care about and get to know our clients. And we care about balance—we are family-focused and work hard and play hard. As for loyalty, it is never lost on us and gets rewarded in many ways. What’s more? Our benefits happen to be some of the most progressive and competitive you will find in the industry. Here are a few highlights: Vested in you : As we are an ESOP, each employee owns a portion of the company. Planning for your future : We have a 30% match on 401(k) contributions. Staying healthy : We contribute 100% of employee health premiums. Commitment to your growth : We want to see our employees grow—when new positions arise, existing employees are considered first. Supporting education : We encourage continuing education and provide education/licensure/ tuition benefits. Position description An associate is a licensed architect, engineer or construction manager, and is responsible for understanding all aspects of the project being reviewed relative to its scope and client requirements. Act as technical team member and small project lead. Collaborate with the client, internal team, consultants and site contact; ultimately be responsible for an overall understanding of their project. Review and analyze building construction and condition. Review and analyze contract documents including drawings, specifications, contracts and budgets. Perform construction monitoring and property condition assessments. Preparation of formal reports. Our work covers most commercial building types, including office, retail, industrial, hotel/hospitality and multifamily. Desired skills and experience Bachelor’s degree in architecture, civil engineering, construction management or related field is required. Minimum 5 years of industry-related experience at an architecture, engineering or construction company. Technical level of understanding of most building types in order to perform services of the organization with limited supervision. Good understanding of construction processes and activities. Construction administration experience. Solid understanding of building materials and methods. Ability to work under deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Solid understanding of the technical aspects of building enclosures, structures, and systems. Knowledge of construction contract types and forms. Proficient in Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel. Proficient in AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Plan Grid and Box. Strong organizational skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. To apply, please submit your resume on our Career Center. Copy and paste this URL https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=marxokubo &ccId;=19000101_000001&type;=JS〈=en_US
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Principal Investigator- Ethics and Investigations: McLean 1 (19050), United States of America, McLean, Virginia At Capital One, we’re building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding. Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good. Principal Investigator- Ethics and Investigations Position Description for Principal Investigator REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS Reports To: Investigations Manager or higher Manages: No direct-report responsibility JOB FUNCTIONS The role serves as a point of contact between Ethics and Investigations (E&I;) and Capital One’s lines of business (LOBs) / partners and conducts comprehensive investigations of alleged internal fraud and unethical business practices. He/she will provide advice and solutions to mitigate risks, which may reach across the company and require interaction with internal and external clients. He/she will be able to identify and analyze issues and gather information to determine causes and possible solutions. He/she may also partner with multiple clients through a combination of internal relationship management, applied business analysis, and project participation. The associate will influence and gain support for E&I; initiatives in order to yield positive and productive business impacts. The associate will, with limited management assistance, design, develop, and execute tests to assess compliance with policies, procedures, and applicable banking laws and regulations in the conduct of investigations. He/she may partner with law enforcement representatives at the local, federal, and international levels to facilitate investigations and collaborate to promote and practice preventative initiatives. He/she typically works under general to limited supervision, with latitude for initiative and independent judgment. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Functions as a highly skilled investigator with the ability to multi-task, analyze and interpret data, and demonstrates effective decision making. A. Size and Scope of Responsibility Independently conducts low to moderately complex investigations of alleged unlawful activity and violations of company policies and procedures in an efficient, thorough, and professional manner. Prioritizes multiple investigative tasks and responsibilities in a fast-paced environment, while maintaining positive collaborative relations with various partners. Prepares and implements plans to conduct investigations and provides direct support to clients as needed. Authors detailed professional reports and maintains well-organized and accurate incident/case files. Conducts professional investigative interviews of associates and others, often involving sensitive subjects. Responds to urgent issues and the situational needs and requirements of the workload and is flexible with work-hours as needed. Maintains strict discretion and confidentiality. Leverages his/her specialized knowledge and skills and provides management with insight into his/her area of subject-matter focus. Builds and maintains effective working relationships with law enforcement agencies as well as counterparts in the industry. Contributes to internal E &I; project work. Performs other related work as assigned. B. Span of Control Typically works independently under limited supervision, and has latitude for initiative and independent judgment. Requires low levels of guidance/supervision from manager on low to moderately complex investigations or projects. May assist the Manager, Sr. Manager, Director/Sr. Director or E &I; Executive in performing staff management responsibilities, including training. C. Complexity Executes low to moderately complex investigations and projects based on expertise and direction from managers. Participates in design and execution of more complex investigations and projects. Demonstrates flexibility in responding to changes in assignment and job responsibility. D. Relationship Management Maintains positive and productive working relationships with LOB management, and key internal stakeholders (Human Resources, Legal, Compliance, etc.). Interfaces, as necessary, with executives concerning ongoing investigations and related investigative matters. E. Administration Takes an active interest in learning about the business of Capital One. Participates in strategic planning based on subject-matter expertise. Plans and prioritizes own work well and manages time effectively. Works within established budgets as applicable. Enters service hours into tracking system. Reports metrics as needed. Writes and distributes reports to clients as needed. F. Professional Conduct Maintains all organizational and professional ethical standards. Pursues professional development opportunities, including internal and external training and professional association membership, and shares information gained with co-workers. May act as a development mentor to others. PROFESSIONAL KNOWLEDGE A. Core Professional Knowledge Demonstrates sound knowledge of generally-accepted investigative standards, principles and techniques used in the investigation of financial and white-collar crimes. Demonstrates sound knowledge of generally-accepted investigative principles and techniques used in the evaluation of systems of internal controls. Understands investigative standards, procedures and policies. Exhibits solid relationship management skills. Displays analytical and program management skills. Relationship management experience with some consulting skills. B. Specialized Knowledge & Proficiency None SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS The skills & qualifications outlined in this job description are specific to the security job defined here. Capital One’s core employment competencies are those behaviors that have been established as a company-wide standard for defining high performance and success at all job levels. To qualify for this position, the incumbent is required to successfully demonstrate the required level of proficiency in the core competencies. A. Problem Solving/Decision Making Able to identify and analyze issues and gather information to determine causes and possible solutions. Exercises a moderate degree of autonomy in decision making. B. Organization and Project Management Able to effectively plan work activities to meet deadlines and coordinate with others. Demonstrates ability to plan and manage multiple small projects. C. Teamwork Able to work as part of a team to accomplish an established goal, and assist in establishing team direction. Is a cooperative, participative, and productive member of the team. Contributes specific area expertise and experience to team success. D. Verbal & Written Communication Demonstrates effective verbal and proficient written communications skills, along with active listening skills. Communicates effectively with external third parties including vendors, attorneys, law enforcement, etc. Discerns alternative viewpoints and perspectives, and incorporates when appropriate. E. Working Relationships Maintains professional demeanor when working with others. Able to establish and maintain strong working relationships to meet business results. F. Consulting Able to review and comment on corporate policies, standards and procedures and provide limited and supervised advice and counsel to department members and business units as needed. G. Management & Supervision Demonstrate self-motivation. Basic Qualifications: At least 3 years of investigative experience in a corporate environment, At least 3 years of investigation experience of financial and white collar crimes Bachelor’s degree or military experience Preferred Qualifications / Experience: Professional certification in area of expertise. Current examples include: Certified Protection Professional (CPP), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE) or other relevant certifications. Conducting fraud investigations involving financial and white-collar crimes and contracted/third party partnerships. Demonstrated proficiency using Reid Technique, Wicklander-Zulawski or similar method of interviewing techniques. Work experience creating/filing Suspicious Activity Reports (SARS). At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
Technician/Agent. Geek Squad Advance Repair: Our Agents quickly and accurately diagnose client technology issues using specialty software and make solution-based recommendations to our clients in a timely fashion. This is a highly-coveted technology role that is perfect for geeks who thrive on both customer interaction and heads down troubleshooting. Geek Squad Advanced Repair Agents are highly regarded members of the team who are on a mission to rescue clients' software and hardware before time runs out. Key Accountabilities: Perform diagnostics and navigate requested and recommended repairs in a timely fashion Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client devices Partner with other team members to ensure proper documentation of client requests Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: 6+ months experience diagnosing, troubleshooting, or repairing technology products Experience actively using and learning about consumer electronics Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Instructional Designer and Developer/Learning Specialist: Primary Location: United States,Texas,Irving Education: Bachelor's Degree Job Function: Training, Development & Learning Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Employee Status: Regular Travel Time: No Job ID: 18052716 Description Citigroup, Inc. is seeking an instructional designer/eLearning developer in Irving, Texas to play a key role in shaping and developing our world-class cyber and information security training plans and programs. This is a hands-on role with the opportunity to lead and execute the design, development, delivery, and evaluation of a full range of innovative, efficient, and effective global learning solutions. The ideal candidate is a creative professional with an entrepreneurial spirit who can design and develop learning and practicing experiences to help Citi staff be the first line of defense in protecting Citi information by educating them about why it’s important and how to act mindfully on a daily basis to prevent, detect, and respond to cyberattacks. The individual will require a strong understanding of adult learning theory, learner retention and application, and demonstrate graphic, layout, and instructional design skills to build eLearning modules that are engaging, fun, and memorable. If you are a self-starter and motivated by: Acting independently and seeing your learning modules flourish from inception to completion; Developing content that resonates so much with learners that your training goes viral and attracts learners to seek out more of your cybersecurity training designs; Managing multiple projects that impact the company’s reputation and security; and A belief in the concept that excellence is in the details; Then, this opportunity will fulfill your career wish list. Bring your creative thinking cap and a return-on-investment (ROI) mentality as you collaborate directly with information security, cybersecurity, intelligence analysis, and operations and technology experts globally. eLearning Instructional Designer/Course Developer Responsibilities Gain a deep understanding of business goals, industry landscape, existing training, and target audiences Define Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and set benchmarks to measure correlation of training solutions to performance improvement Design, implement, and drive continuous improvement of end-to-end learning processes Apply expertise designing programs and curricula for global audiences, working with virtual teams in a large matrix organization, to ensure multi-language translation and cross-cultural adaptation Analyze target audience, job tasks, learner environment, and existing content to identify appropriate instructional strategies Develop performance measures: criterion-referenced achievement tests, questionnaires, interviews, and simulation scenarios Design and develop learning solutions utilizing modern learning (student-centered) methods to ensure learning initiatives are constructed to produce the desired changes in behavior, attitude, knowledge, and skills needed to make real business impact Utilize sound instructional design methodologies to create complex (e.g., guided discovery, case method, problem-based, game-based, competency-based approaches), high-quality, and innovative (formal, informal, blended) instructional materials and learning solutions Select and use appropriate techniques to define and sequence instructional content Conduct media analysis to efficiently and effectively match instructional media to the content, the audience, and the desired outcomes Collaborate with global teams and subject matter experts on course design, development, and delivery Create and maintain job/task analysis, training needs analysis, design documents, storyboards, video scripts, project plans, and other artifacts for various training projects Apply project management principles and tools to direct the instructional design process to deliver results on time, on budget, and within scope Develop and maintain training materials, documentation, manuals, job-aids, quick-reference guides, and other training aids Collect and analyze program data to evaluate training courses and program effectiveness, identify problem areas, and make recommendations for improvements Actively research evolving trends in the field of learning and recommend innovative training tools and technique to deliver cutting-edge design solutions Qualifications Three to five years of demonstrated experience in instructional design or eLearning course development and graphic/layout design Significant experience designing for and facilitating instruction in person and in virtual formats Extensive experience in at least one of the following eLearning development tools: Articulate Studio; Articulate Storyline; Adobe Captivate; or Lectora Expertise in PowerPoint; intermediate proficiency in Excel; competency in MS-Office products (Outlook, Word, Lync) required Experience with audio/video editing and animation software, specifically Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Soundbooth Pro, Adobe After Effects, and Flash a plus Exceptional written, verbal, critical thinking, problem solving, and interpersonal communication skills Strong project management experience, must be able to self-manage and prioritize projects with little supervision Business and ROI-minded, performance improvement driven
 Advocacy Intern: The Commit Partnership _Advocacy Intern_ About The Commit Partnership The Commit Partnership is focused on the powerful idea that every child in Dallas County should receive an excellent and equitable education, preparing them to flourish in their careers. To reach this vision, the Partnership serves as a community navigator and connector, analyzing data to elevate strategic initiatives, improve practices and policies, and ultimately growing community capacity, capabilities and resources to serve students more effectively. Founded in 2012, the Partnership is the nation’s largest educational collective impact organization: a coalition of over 200 partners (public and private schools, colleges, foundations, businesses, and nonprofits), all working collaboratively to solve our region’s biggest systemic educational challenges. Our flagship effort, Early Matters Dallas, focuses on improving early childhood outcomes, while our second initiative, Best in Class, aims in partnership with the Communities Foundation of Texas to increase the number of effective and diverse campus educators serving DFW’s 1.2 million students. Our third initiative, Dallas County Promise, seeks to align our local higher ed institutions to maximize the number of students who can access and complete a quality postsecondary education. Day-to-day work is supported by more than 25 full-time staff who combine data, deep educational experience, and strategic thinking to collectively support Partnership efforts while advocating for Dallas County students at the state and local level and convening community conversations around the latest research and best practices. The net result is a shared roadmap for the future that civic leaders and local stakeholders own and hold themselves mutually accountable for its execution. Our Core Values Integrity–To best serve students, families, and the community we will act honestly and ethically in how we make both internal and external decisions, present data, and communicate with partners Equity & Inclusion – We seek to help transform systems in ways that ensure every student has access to the resources they need. We do this by actively and explicitly working with others to create more equitable outcomes and processes. Students First–Our decisions are guided by multiple stakeholders, but ultimately rest upon one question: What is in the best interest of students? Systemic Impact – We are patient and persistent as we identify the most effective approaches to help create lasting systems change. Once identified, we prioritize and relentlessly attack systemic challenges with efficiency and excellence. Humility–We embrace the fact that our community’s success depends on our ability to work cohesively with each other and to constantly learn. Joy–It’s important we bring a constant sense of optimism and have fun while taking on this difficult work. About The Position The Commit Partnership seeks a detail-oriented, policy-minded go-getter for a paid internship to assist the Advocacy team in supporting partners in their efforts to improve student educational outcomes. The _Advocacy Intern_ will report to Advocacy Manager and work closely with all members of the Commit team, with a concerted effort in the Early Matters Dallas, Best in Class, and College Access & Success work streams. This role provides access to great learning experiences and exposure to highly impactful work with regional education initiatives. Qualifications & Responsibilities Working toward a bachelor’s or master’s degreeat a Dallas-area institution of higher education Interest in education policy Proficiency with Microsoft Office Solid communication and interpersonal skills; strong written communication skills (Email, Word, PowerPoint, Chart/diagram configuration) In service to Commit's mission, have a desire to transform student achievement in Texas and a belief that education improves the odds for all children. Availability: September 2018 – May 2019 to fully support and immerse in Advocacy team efforts during legislative session. Research policy priorities, as identified by partnerships/coalitions Develop presentations for legislators and staff to illuminate bright spots in education and communicate area initiatives that serve to enhance student readiness and prepare them for successful futures Attend and contribute to internal/external advocacy meetings Assist Advocacy team with administrative tasks, as necessary To apply, complete application athttps://tinyurl.com/AdvocacyIntern,attach cover letter and resume detailing your interest in and qualification for the role, and a copy of your college transcript. For more information about The Commit Partnership, visit www.commitpartnership.org. The Commit Partnership is an Equal Opportunity Employer that seeks to hire individuals with backgrounds similar to that of the stakeholders they serve. As an organization that embraces equity and inclusion, all employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local laws.
Preparator: Description: Reports to: Head Preparator Department: Collections Management Classification: Non-exempt, full-time Start Date: Early September 2018 DMA Mission: The Dallas Museum of Art is a space of wonder and discovery where art comes alive. The DMA will: Place art and our diverse communities at the center around which all activities radiate. Pursue excellence in collecting and programming, present works of art across cultures and time, and be a driving force in contemporary art. Strengthen our position as a prominent, innovative institution, expanding the meaning and possibilities of learning and creativity. Scope of Position: The Preparator is responsible for art handling, installation, preparation and packing/unpacking of the permanent collection, exhibitions and loans. This position may require travel as a courier for loans, exhibitions, or for special packing/unpacking, installations/deinstallations of works of art. The Preparator projects a positive and professional image of the Museum, representing the division to colleagues and the external community. A strong candidate for this position will have a deep appreciation of the mission and aspirations of the DMA and the capability to articulate the DMA’s mission, values, achievements, potential, priorities to internal and external audiences. Essential Functions: Handle works of art in various situations according to DMA guidelines and standard museum practices Install, deinstall works of art Pack and unpack works of art, following provided instructions, or improving them for the safety of the objects, in coordination with the Registrar assigned to each project Move works of art safely within storage areas and throughout the building Assist photography and conservation departments in moving art during treatment and/or photography Act as Lead Preparator for exhibitions as assigned Receive/release works of art Assist with loading/unloading shipments from vans/trucks Secure each shipment in coordination with Registrar assigned to each project Maintain off-site and on-site art storage areas and art preparation areas, keeping all tools and supplies secure and in stock Maintain strict confidentiality of all DMA projects, personnel issues, shipments and art movement schedules Responsible for documentation of location change after each art move Prepare works of art for loan, installation or storage as scheduled by registrars or conservator including, but not limited to attention to existing frames, felt linings or spacers, glaze, backing boards, special mounts, and retrofit crates Assist with local pickups or deliveries using DMA art van Assist with inventory process as needed Other duties as assigned. Requirements: Education, Experience, and Certifications: Three years of experience as professional art handler, preferably in a museum setting with prior matting and framing responsibilities Education equivalent to Bachelor’s degree in Art History or Fine Arts Any combination of acceptable training and experience Excellent speaking/understanding of the English language including, art history terms and techniques Skill to safely work on all installation equipment including ladders, forklift, and occasionally a high lift or on scaffolding Ability to visually inspect artwork Ability to sit or stand for long periods of time, lift, push, pull heavy, fragile, odd-shaped objects carefully Ability to carry 50 lbs Ability to safely employ the use of a variety of tools, equipment and to handle over sized and/or heavy art objects and exhibition material Ability to follow instructions and work cooperatively with a team Microsoft Office Suite skills required Knowledge and experience in collections data base systems preferred Ability to speak a second language - preferrably Spanish The Dallas Museum of Art is committed to building a culturally diverse staff and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics.
 Customer Support Representative: _“Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.” - Pablo Picasso ~_ DO YOU LOVE TO? Win Set and achieve goals Have a massive impact on a young, fast-growing startup company Thrive off of being busy and managing many tasks/details Get deep satisfaction out of being productive and making a huge contribution Experience hyper-growth and the opportunity to learn & grow Be part of a young & energetic team Compete Work under pressure Be detailed and organized Learn & grow professionally Laugh Push your limits Hustle Take initiative Have freedom If you’re thinking, “That’s ME!” — keep reading... DO YOU HAVE? PASSION - One of the most crucial elements we look for is someone who loves what they do. Life is short and there is no reason to do something you aren’t passionate about. You must LOVE working hard and getting results. Most of all, you must love winning. HUNGER - To learn, to grow, to improve, to win. A relentless hunger to constantly push your limits towards a worthy goal. We’re looking for someone who is never satisfied with mediocrity and is constantly looking to learn and improve upon the person they were yesterday. Someone whos growth we can invest in and is excited for constant challenges. GRATITUDE - We operate under a simple premise - that life is pretty great. Some days are going to be better than others, but there will always be something to be grateful for. We look for someone with a positive attitude that defaults to seeing the good in any given situation as opposed to defaulting to negativity and a victim mentality. A SERVANT’S HEART - The purpose of a business is to make the lives of everyone it comes in contact with a little better. Every interaction with a customer, vendor, colleague, provides an opportunity to have a positive influence. This can’t be done without a servant’s heart. A servant’s heart is being compassionate for others and always deploying empathy regardless of the circumstances. OUR CULTURE We’re a young and ambitious tactical gear company based in Allen, TX on a mission of enabling protectors to perform under any situation for a safer world. We hire smart, capable, highly adaptable people who have a strong drive and a growth mindset (some of your favorite people to learn from are Ryan Holiday, Gary Vaynerchuk, Jocko Willink, Jim Collins, Tim Ferriss...). And while everyone on our team is an “A-player,” our culture is very collaborative, friendly and flexible. We’re not just a highly motivated highly driven company with the desire to reach massive scale and make a big impact in the tactical gear world. We also want you to enjoy doing what you do best and we give you the autonomy and support to do it in a way that works for everyone—our customers, the company and you. The traditional 9-to-5 job is incredibly outdated. We’re doing things differently here. OUR GUIDING PRINCIPLES INTEGRITY FIRST – Everything we do from selling USA made products to customer support to marketing to product development to our warranty is rooted in the basis of integrity. We’re proud to be building a name for our company that people know they can trust to stand behind everything we do. It may not always be the cheapest way, but it will always be the right way. MAKE A DIFFERENCE – There’s more to life than making money. Yes, money is incredibly important, however, it is not the ONLY thing that is important. We pride ourselves on developing performance driven gear that can help save lives when SHTF. Our purpose as a company is to enable protectors to perform under any condition and create a safer world in the process. DELIVER EXCELLENCE - The performance of our products directly impacts the success or failure of the end users critical missions. We strive to deliver excellence from developing new products to interacting with our customers all the way down to how we package and ship out orders. EMBRACE CHANGE AND CHALLENGES – Life in a rapidly growing startup is constantly changing and bringing new challenges daily. We hire incredible people and give them freedom, flexibility, and resources to thrive under these conditions and achieve ambitious goals every day. We’re big on education and self development and provide daily reading time to always be learning. TAKE CALCULATED RISKS – We strongly believe that everyone not just the owners can come up with great ideas. The difference in most other companies is that those who come up with ideas are afraid that they will be fired if their idea fails and loses the company money. We look for free thinking people who aren’t afraid to bring up ideas and run with them. YOUR ROLE ON THE TEAM We're looking for a Customer Support Representative to be an enthusiastic and professional go-to support person for all customer service related inquiries. This is a full-time position based out of our office in Allen, Texas. What you'll expect to do and learn in your first year: Provide customer support through email, phone, and live chat Process and manage returns, refunds, and exchanges Research and answer technical customer inquiries Troubleshoot issues and solve customer complaints Reply to comments and DMs on social media platforms MUST Haves: Must be empathetic and kind in all customer engagements Must be patient and never lose temper with a customer - ever Must be a people person who is genuinely excited to help people and fix problems Must be willing to go above and beyond to make the customer happy Must be an enthusiastic go-getter that is a positive influence on workplace culture Must be an A-player with a hunger to excel Must be an exceptional written & verbal communicator Must be a self-driven, hard-working person who thrives in a fast-paced environment Must love to GROW, both personally and professionally Must be looking to make a long-term commitment with a young Texas startup Must be able to handle autonomy and accountability The Perks We Offer: Medical / Dental / Vision Insurances Paid Vacation Days Flexible Spending Account (FSA) Life Insurance and Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance Short Term and Long Term Disability Insurance Discounted Shopping and Entertainment Perks Flexible working hours Standing desks for work Daily reading time STNGR employee discount Unlimited growth potential for A-players Extensive opportunity to learn, grow, and advance your skills and career Snacks in office If you’re still here reading and believe you are a good fit, we would absolutely love to meet you.
 Geek Squad Consultation Agent: What does a Geek Squad Consultation Agent do? Do all things technology fire you up? Can you swap a motherboard or hook up a home theater system blindfolded? Does the thought of installing an LCD in an SUV, and getting paid for it, make you salivate? If you answered yes to any of these questions, congratulations, your dream career might be waiting for you at Geek Squad. We invite you to join our illustrious ranks. A Geek Squad Consultation Agent is a brand ambassador for both the Geek Squad and Best Buy brands. As the solutions expert, the Consultation Agent manages the Geek Squad check-in and check-out experience for customers and helps them find the complete solution that works for them. They coach the sales team, building trust and explaining services and technology to help meet all customer needs. Their knowledge of services, technology and business group strategies in partnership with the sales team ensures no customer is ever left unserved or underserved. 70% of your time you will: Engage customers using selling skills to provide solutions aligning with their “definition of fix.” 30% of your time you will: Work with the sales team, explaining services and technology to help them achieve business goals. Perform other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Geek Squad Consultation Agent? Basic Requirements: 3-6 months working experience Preferred Requirements: High School diploma or equivalent Associate degree in general electronics or computer repair 1+ years retail or customer service experience 1+ years experience diagnosing or repairing PCs or consumer electronics What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Inside Account Executive: Microsoft is empowering every person and every organization on the planet to do more and achieve more. We have set ourselves three bold ambitions: create more personal computing, reinvent productivity and business processes and build the intelligent cloud. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. As part of our transformation, one of our key areas of focus is the modernization of our sales motions. The Insides Sales (IS) organization is a newly formed organization with a charter to accelerate Microsoft’s growth in its cloud-first, mobile-first businesses along with the traditional businesses. This organization is at the forefront of establishing a new sales model leveraging modern technology and big data and analytics to drive impactful demand response and targeted sales coverage. The Account Executive allows Microsoft to better serve our clients realize the potential of Microsoft Technologies and be at the forefront of the transition to a mobile-first and cloud-first organization. This role is dedicated to increasing revenue and improving customer satisfaction through senior account management working in tandem with Microsoft Partners within a territory of accounts. The Account Executive adds value by developing and maintaining strong customer relationships that include building relationships with executives at the Chief-level (CxO) as well as other Business and Technical Decision Makers within the customers’ organizations. This role is unique in its ability to effectively leverage technology and extensive members of the virtual sales team to build strong relationships with the accounts in its portfolio. It is also unique in its ability to work directly with and through Microsoft Partners to meet customer needs. Responsibilities Strong, deep and broad customer and partner relationships: Develop an account strategy and customer contact plan for owned accounts that includes line-of-business contacts and executive-level relationships. Effective and actionable account and territory plans: Lead territory and account planning process that aligns partner and Microsoft resources to maximize revenue, customer satisfaction, and grow share. Healthy predictable pipeline that meets or exceeds quota expectations: Prospect and identify opportunities and coach the virtual sales team on how to maximize opportunity generation. Qualify opportunities and convert them to a customer solution based scenario. Prepare monthly forecasts and pipeline reports, using Microsoft’s tools and resources. Through-partner wins that displace the competition: Effectively leverage funding programs to accelerate and close deals. Maximize up-sell and cross-sell deals collaborating with the virtual sales and partner team (based on availability) to present customers the Microsoft ‘cloud’ value proposition, for competitive advantage and new solutions, which aligns to the customer’s business objectives and IT initiatives. Joint Account Executive and Partner Sales Executive account team leadership: Collaborate and orchestrate Microsoft and Partner Sales resources at the right time and level by leveraging a deep understanding of individual account team member strengths, perspectives, and goals. Continuous business learning and professional growth: Develop a working knowledge of Microsoft’s transformation, establish peer to peer and mentoring, and leverage all training resources. Qualifications 4-year degree preferred. 6-10+ years of technology related sales or business development experience Demonstrated ability to consistently exceed quota by driving deals within a Partner ecosystem. Demonstrated understanding of solution selling techniques and selling cloud based solutions. Experienced in building strong, collaborative customer relationships with line-of-business and technical roles. Can navigate a customer through sales negotiations and/or technical presentations via the telephone. Solid knowledge of the business, customers, partners, Microsoft strategy and how they work together. Able to qualify sales opportunities and position partners in the overall sales process. Demonstrated business communication and written skills in the local language. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Communications/PR/Content Specialist: Cushman & Wakefield is seeking a motivated, performance-driven Communications/PR and Content Specialist to join our team. In this role, you are responsible for the development and execution of communication strategy that addresses a variety of needs, including external/internal communications, public relations, social media, local articles, blogs, newsletters and other content related collateral, as needed. In this role, you will help develop our thought leadership efforts as well as assist in implementing our content strategy / storytelling agenda for various communication channels. In order to succeed you will be required to gain deep understanding of our services and solution requirements, as well as industry best practices. Job Description Responsibilities Assist in creating and drafting external communications; identify if additional local or region communications are required Ensure consistency, quality, and usage of best practices in all communication Coordinate Public Relations and assist in developing content needed to support PR plan Boost company’s brand awareness, engagement, and thought leadership with the usage of various social media platforms Write news and feature articles for the intranet and select national and trade publications Identify and build strategic relationships for the company with national, local, and trade media Update media list (e.g., national, local, trade, and bloggers), news release pipeline, and distribution calendar Create original narrative content for a broad audience based on complex research data and present information in a clear and compelling manner Dedication to learning and understanding the commercial real estate services industry, and should proactively engage with internal stakeholders to stay abreast of newsworthy activity that can be promoted through PR, social media and internal communications channels Assist with internal communications as needed Collaborate with other marketing disciplines on multi-faceted campaigns Write guest blog posts and magazine articles on behalf of company executives Participate as a key member of the Americas communication team Requirements Bachelor’s degree in journalism, marketing, English, communications, or relevant field of study. 3-5 years of marketing and communications experience Superior writing, editing, and proofreading skills. Strong portfolio of published or professional samples in a variety of marketing communications and channels Cushman & Wakefield provides equal employment opportunity. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated. Cushman & Wakefield is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law.
 KERA Mental Health Reporter: North Texas Public Broadcasting, Inc. KERA TV, KERA 90.1 and KXT 91.7 KERA, the public broadcasting organization for Dallas/Fort Worth, has an opportunity for a highly qualified reporter to join the KERA News team. Serving the country’s fifth-largest media market, KERA reaches more than 2 million people weekly through KERA TV, KERA 90.1 FM, Triple-A music station KXT 91.7 FM, an award-winning local news division, robust arts unit Art&Seek; and a constellation of digital properties, including kera.org, keranews.org, kxt.org and artandseek.org. For more than 50 years, North Texans have turned to KERA as a vibrant destination for community engagement and lifelong learning. Position Summary KERA seeks a creative, enterprising multimedia reporter to help develop and launch an innovative new mental health initiative. The reporter will build on the success of KERA’s award-winning health/science/technology coverage to pioneer this new beat and deliver insightful and deeply reported stories that will shine a spotlight on mental health issues and tackle misconceptions. Led by the mental health reporter, the initiative will play out across KERA’s media platforms – primarily radio, digital and social media. The reporter will also take a lead role in public engagement events and videos for digital outlets and television. Depth, innovation and collaboration will be at the center of this job: The reporter will be equally adept at covering breaking news, creating compelling narratives from deep dives into research, cultivating sources and producing one-of-a-kind audio, video and digital projects. The job will be based in Dallas/Fort Worth/Denton, but will have statewide and national reach: KERA leads the Texas Station Collaborative, and is part of NPR’s partnership with Kaiser Health News. Duties of the Reporter Develop and build a new beat reporting on mental health in North Texas and beyond. Create engaging multimedia stories from reporting, interviews, data and analysis. Bring a distinctive style and approach and find creative ways to report on an issue that touches almost everyone. The goal: High impact with deep substance. Work collaboratively as part of KERA’s team to build expertise, contribute compelling story ideas, and experiment with innovative storytelling techniques to create a new initiative from the ground up. Build and maintain a community around the beat – locally, statewide and nationally. Create, curate and participate in in-person and social media events and campaigns. Cover breaking news in North Texas and beyond for KERA News. Develop distinctive stories, from quick turns to in-depth projects, focused in the KERA listening area; and tailor content to multiple platforms for KERA as assigned. Actively participate in KERA fundraising campaigns and other duties as assigned. Essential Qualifications Passion for and experience in journalism about health and/or mental health. Undergraduate degree in journalism or related field. Three or more years of professional journalism experience, and proven research, writing, and reporting skills. The highest journalistic and ethical standards, with an absolute dedication to accuracy, fairness and attention to detail. Strong audio reporting and production skills, and comfort behind a microphone. Eagerness to explore and develop innovative digital, social and video skills. Previous experience building a beat, developing topical expertise and bringing a fresh perspective to vital issues, prioritizing impact. Ability to generate dynamic, creative story ideas. Willingness to experiment with storytelling methods and to adapt to changing platforms and audience needs. Agility to shift journalistic modes quickly and nimbly: from deadline reporting to developing explainers; from deep investigative work to producing live events. Demonstrated commitment to diversity in reporting and sourcing. Ability to work within a diverse team with varying perspectives, ideas and life experience. Experience building audiences and communities online, and using connections made within an online community for reporting. A commitment to cooperation, teamwork, curiosity, and diversity. Preferred Qualifications Deep expertise in mental health issues. Proven record of excellence in public radio journalism. Knowledge of Texas and particularly North Texas. Experience with one or more of the following: multimedia production, particularly photography or video; hands-on audio editing and innovative audio storytelling; working with one or more content management systems; other relevant technical expertise.
Sales Consultant, Home Theater, Appliances, Gaming, and Entertainment: What does a Best Buy Sales Consultant in Home Theater, Appliances, Gaming, and Entertainment do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. Best Buy Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services, working closely with other members of the sales team. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self development. Then, armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy shopping experience, ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Sales Consultants deliver unique customer value by developing strong relationships with customers, bringing them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. Would you like to dream up a theatrical experience for others to enjoy? Would you like to help make someone’s life easier with new time-saving appliances? Make those dreams a reality as a Sales Consultant in our Home Business Group. 80% of your time you will: Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where customers feel supported and leave delighted. Inspire customers by showing them what’s possible with technology. Accumulate and apply the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development, enabling you to provide an excellent customer shopping experience. 20% of your time you will: Use innovative training tools to stay current, confident and complete, driving profitable growth and achieving individual and department goals. Maintain your department’s merchandising and readiness to serve customers. Back up the sales team for phone and store pickup. Perform other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Research Associate: Postdoctoral position within the Department of Mechanical Engineering at The University of Texas at Dallas in grid integration of renewable energy. The position will focus on power system operations with high penetrations of renewables and distributed energy resources, extreme ramp events forecasting, solar and wind power forecasting, dynamic reserves, and flexible ramping products. Minimum Education and Experience Ph.D in a related field. Preferred Education and Experience Experience with one or several of the following would be beneficial: renewable energy forecasting, deep learning, unit commitment and economic dispatch, optimization, energy storage, microgrid, electricity market design, distribution system modeling, stochastic modeling and optimization. Good programming skills and familiar with one or more of the following tools: R, Python, MATLAB/Simulink, OpenDSS, GridLab-D, CPLEX, GAMS, PYOMO. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Duties to include, but not limited to designing experiments, conducting research, writing articles, and training graduate students. Research in grid integration of renewable energy. Work with industry and academic collaborators on related research projects, as directed by advisor. Report research results as journal and conference publications. Identify new sources of funding and participate in the preparation of proposals as required. Physical Activities Working Conditions Additional Information Special Instructions Summary
 Diversity Specialist, Human Resources - Graduate: Atos SE (Societas Europaea) is a leader in digital services with pro forma annual revenue of circa € 12 billion and circa 100,000 employees in 72 countries. Serving a global client base, the Group provides Consulting & Systems Integration services, Managed Services & BPO, Cloud operations, Big Data & Cyber-security solutions, as well as transactional services through Worldline, the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. With its deep technology expertise and industry knowledge, the Group works with clients across different business sectors: Defense, Financial Services, Health, Manufacturing, Media, Utilities, Public sector, Retail, Telecommunications, and Transportation. Atos is focused on business technology that powers progress and helps organizations to create their firm of the future. The Group is the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic & Paralympic Games and is listed on the Euronext Paris market. Atos operates under the brands Atos, Atos Consulting, Atos Worldgrid, Bull, Canopy, Unify and Worldline. We are looking for a recent graduate to continue to drive and support the Atos diversity ambition throughout North America. You will be responsible for the execution of our robust diversity platform and will bring new ideas and approaches to our model. You will work on a variety of programs, planning and controlling multiple projects and initiatives. Key Responsibilities Plan and execute diversity initiatives across North America, under the leadership of the Global Diversity Officer and Head of Wellbeing@Work Host activities and events in the Atos Irving office related to diversity and Wellbeing@Work Support the Atos Affinity Groups with event programming and development Track diversity-related metrics and Key Performance Indicators Continue to drive diversity momentum throughout the organization. Keep current on diversity programs and developments. Requirements Bachelor's degree Minimum 1 year of experience in Diversity (volunteering, organizational, professional) Leadership role either in a professional setting, volunteer organization, or small group where you have developed, planned and executed learning programs focused on Diversity (small or large) Preferred Able to research and discuss emerging trends in Diversity, what companies are doing to improve Diversity, etc. Experience in the end to end planning and execution of events and programs Able to manage multiple projects simultaneously Ability to communicate and delegate effectively across cultures Experience in internal/external relationship management Presentation development and delivery to all levels of the organization Strong leadership skills Creativity and initiative, forward thinking Detail oriented and organized Your Application If you wish to apply for this position, please click below to complete our online application form and attach your CV in either Word, rtf or text format. Atos does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. All recruitment decisions are based solely on qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and relevant business requirements. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the applications process for people with disabilities.
 Inside Account Executive - Education: Microsoft is empowering every person and every organization on the planet to do more and achieve more. We have set ourselves three bold ambitions: create more personal computing, reinvent productivity and business processes and build the intelligent cloud. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. As part of our transformation, one of our key areas of focus is the modernization of our sales motions. The Digital Sales organization is a newly formed organization with a charter to accelerate Microsoft’s growth in its cloud-first, mobile-first businesses along with the traditional businesses. This organization is at the forefront of establishing a new sales model leveraging modern technology and big data and analytics to drive impactful demand response and targeted sales coverage. The Account Executive allows Microsoft to better serve our clients realize the potential of Microsoft Technologies and be at the forefront of the transition to a mobile-first and cloud-first organization. This role is dedicated to increasing revenue and improving customer satisfaction through senior account management working in tandem with Microsoft Partners within a territory of accounts. The Account Executive adds value by developing and maintaining strong customer relationships that include building relationships with executives at the Chief-level (CxO) as well as other Business and Technical Decision Makers within the customers’ organizations. This role is unique in its ability to effectively leverage technology and extensive members of the virtual sales team to build strong relationships with the accounts in its portfolio. It is also unique in its ability to work directly with and through Microsoft Partners to meet customer needs Responsibilities Strong, deep and broad customer and partner relationships: Develop an account strategy and customer contact plan for owned accounts that includes line-of-business contacts and executive-level relationships. Effective and actionable account and territory plans: Lead territory and account planning process that aligns partner and Microsoft resources to maximize revenue, customer satisfaction, and grow share. Healthy predictable pipeline that meets or exceeds quota expectations: Prospect and identify opportunities and coach the virtual sales team on how to maximize opportunity generation. Qualify opportunities and convert them to a customer solution-based scenario. Prepare monthly forecasts and pipeline reports, using Microsoft’s tools and resources. Through-partner wins that displace the competition: Effectively leverage funding programs to accelerate and close deals. Maximize up-sell and cross-sell deals collaborating with the virtual sales and partner team (based on availability) to present customers the Microsoft ‘cloud’ value proposition, for competitive advantage and new solutions, which aligns to the customer’s business objectives and IT initiatives. Joint Account Executive and Partner Sales Executive account team leadership: Collaborate and orchestrate Microsoft and Partner Sales resources at the right time and level by leveraging a deep understanding of individual account team member strengths, perspectives, and goals. Continuous business learning and professional growth: Develop a working knowledge of Microsoft’s transformation, establish peer to peer and mentoring, and leverage all training resources. Qualifications 4-year degree preferred. 4-6+ years of technology related sales or business development experience and passion to work with Education Industry clients Demonstrated ability to consistently exceed quota by driving deals within a Partner ecosystem. Demonstrated understanding of solution selling techniques and selling cloud based solutions. Experienced in building strong, collaborative customer relationships with line-of-business and technical roles. Can navigate a customer through sales negotiations and/or technical presentations via the telephone. Solid knowledge of the business, customers, partners, Microsoft strategy and how they work together. Able to qualify sales opportunities and position partners in the overall sales process. Demonstrated business communication and written skills in the local language. Has passionate attitude for sales and technology as an enabler for a company’s growth. Complex sales training (e.g., Miller Hyman, Spin, Michael Bosworth, Challenger, Holden, Krauthammer, etc.), extensive presentation skills, effective marketing tactics, negotiation, financial analysis, Line of Business applications sales experience, business process consulting or automation, CRM, Employee Performance Management (systems and processes). Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Sales Consultant - Comp: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Sales Consultant - Comp: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Peer Crisis Specialist (2484): Location: Crisis Solutions Center Region: International District Schedule Details: Multiple Openings for multiple shifts with the Crisis Diversion Interim Services and the Crisis Diversion Facility teams. Shift: Variable Insurance Benefits: Dental, Life, Long-term Disability, Medical Other Benefits: Employee Assistance Program (EAP), Flexible Spending Account (FSA), ORCA card subsidy, Paid Time Off (34 days per year), Retirement Plan Join the team at the front lines of crisis diversion. We are working to stop the trend of criminalizing mental illness, and make sure individuals in mental health crisis get the help they need. The Crisis Solutions Center (CSC) works with all types of populations and is not limited to the homeless, which allows for a dynamic use of skills. The CSC offers a fast-paced work environment and is not confined to a traditional case load. DESC's Peer Crisis Specialists are ready to respond quickly to requests for crisis intervention from police, fire, medics, DCRs, and the Crisis Clinic to connect individuals experiencing crisis to more therapeutic treatment options, other than jail or the emergency room to further their recovery. CSC Member PERKS: Nationally recognized program Opportunities for growth Team building and Camaraderie Paid Training and Learning Occurs at your Own Pace Licensure Reimbursement 2 hours of Clinical Supervision per Month on site Public Service Loan Forgiveness from the Federal Government Fully paid for health insurance Over 6 weeks off in the first year MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Participate as a member of a multi-disciplinary team providing outreach, engagement and support of on-going case management services to mentally ill adults. Integrate personal experience with mental illness into work with program participants. Utilize a Recovery based approach to assist consumers to reach their fullest potential. Assist case managers in coordinating consumer supports and linkage. This includes: facilitating access to food, clothing, hygiene services, medical care, community resources and services. Advocate for clients' access to community resources and services, ensuring that clients' needs are met and rights maintained; consult and collaborate with community providers to ensure continuity of care. Plan and facilitate consumer meetings with the purpose of eliciting consumer input regarding mental health program performance and to assure the consumer perspective is well-understood and reported back to the team. Participate in crisis intervention and safety management tasks. Assist consumers with voicing their interests and goals through a variety of channels including: Goal Plans, Crisis Plans, WRAP and other methods of expressing individual preferences for their recovery goals. Participate in the planning, organizing and co-facilitating of self-help and educational group treatment services for consumers served by the mental health program. Assess consumers ADL's (Activities of Daily Living), working with other clinical staff to plan for gaps in the consumers’ skill base. Participate in psychiatric consultation, supervision, program meetings and in-service trainings; participate in clinical reviews and case conferences for consumers as scheduled. Comply with the agency's clinical accountability policies and procedures; maintain current and complete clinical and administrative records; participate in quality assurance reviews when assigned. Comply with applicable program research and evaluation procedures. Promote and maintain positive relationships with the surrounding neighborhood. Participate in verbal de-escalation and physical interventions in emergent situations and be willing and able to assist other staff as needed to maintain a safe and secure environment. Provide transportation for clients as necessary. Other duties as assigned. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Personal experience with mental illness as a consumer of mental health treatment services. Certification by the Washington State Peer Counselor Training Program. High school diploma or G.E.D. Ability to meet state requirements for registration as a counselor. Be willing to seek to understand each client's unique circumstances and personal preferences and goals and incorporate them into the crisis response to help the client regain a sense of control. Assist clients in accessing internal resources to reinforce the client's ability to resolve crisis on their own. Assist clients in identifying unmet needs that may be causing them to have recurrent crisis. Have a strong understanding of recovery and resilience, the value of client partnerships and client choice, and the balance between protection from harm and personal dignity. Strong knowledge of relevant community resources and methods for accessing them. Possess strong communication and writing skills. Ability to work flexible hours as required by program and staffing needs. Experience working with adults disabled by mental illness and/or co-occurring disorders. Interest or experience in working with consumers who are difficult to engage and maintain in traditional mental health programs. Knowledge of Recovery focused, strengths based work in mental health. Ability to communicate and work effectively with consumers and staff from various backgrounds. Ability to work effectively with clients displaying a wide range of unpleasant and/or bizarre behavior. Subscribe to the philosophy of cooperation and continuity across programs and of consideration and respect for consumers. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Knowledge of de-escalation skills, crisis intervention & stabilization, and harm reduction strategies, preferred. Bi-cultural background/experience is helpful. Current Washington State driver's license and insurable driving record. Strong applicants are able to demonstrate the ability to be positive in their empathetic responses to all persons; understand the value of meaningful and deep client engagement; have the potential to acquire the necessary knowledge, attitudes and skills of an effective crisis worker; and value a non-judgmental response to sensitive issues. Candidates should be able to accept feedback and work in a highly collaborative and potentially stressful environment. PHYSICAL DEMANDS The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee will be required sit for long periods of time, communicate with other persons by talking and hearing, required to lift and carry items weighing up to 40 pounds and to operate computer hardware systems. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER DESC is committed to diversity in the workplace, and promotes equal employment opportunities for all staff members and applicants. The Agency will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, marital status, or the presence of any sensory, mental or physical disability in any employment practice, unless based on a bona fide occupational qualification. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
 Research Scientist, Audio: The acoustic universe in which body worn cameras are immersed is teeming with life. Making sense of it all, with the goal of protecting that life, could be your job. Amidst the buzzing confusion of traffic, music, helicopters, and the occasional lawnmower, police officers and citizens converse. What is the tone and shape of their interaction? Does it get worse over time? Does it follow police department procedure. Though it's difficult and unsolved, the impact of our work is immense — unlike most ML research in industry, the success of your models directly impacts the status quo of transparency and accountability in law enforcement. In this role, You will design new models/techniques for understanding audio content. You will pair with our research engineers to iterate on ideas as well as scale them out to production once they are ready. You will continually read the state of the art of research and publish novel work yourself. You will see that generalizable parts of your work get open-sourced. Who you are: Ideal Scientist would have done original deep learning research pertaining to audio (natural language processing, sound source separation, video diarization, summarization, captioning, etc). Demonstrable research rigor via a PhD or a long publication track record in machine learning, natural language processing, signal processing, computer vision, robotics, or a similar field working with unstructured data You have an unimpeachable grasp of deep learning theory and are comfortable designing new models, not just modifying existing ones. You have a good understanding of the complete workflow from collecting and annotating the appropriate data for the task at hand to experimenting with and comparing different ML techniques to analyzing results. You're able to execute on your ideas and have competence in frameworks like Tensorflow/Keras/Torch/Caffe/Darknet. You care about getting to the “truth” of things and will dig deep to prove or disprove a hypothesis We're building a team that spans diversity of all kinds, which we is essential in our mission to bring officers and the communities they serve closer together. If this is something you care about, we would love to have you join us. Compensation and Benefits An awesome office/working environment with the latest technology Competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit package Fun team activities and outings Flexible working hours Options for training in the US Opportunities to ride along with local law enforcement We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Geek Squad (In-Home) HT Cadet: Bellevue, WA (BBY 498): As a Cadet, you will travel via Geekmobile from the precinct to our client’s home and assist with the delivery and basic installation of technology products alongside a seasoned Agent. You’ll provide our clients service that exceeds expectations by handling appointments with care, asking the right questions to enhance the client experience, and providing prompt follow up of recommendations as well as solutions. This is a great opportunity to build your career with Geek Squad by learning all about our products and services. You will also increase your skills through training and on-the-job opportunities. Key accountabilities: Perform a variety of fulfillment duties for clients in their homes including delivery, installation and networking with a primary focus on Home Theater technology Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client devices Provide timely updates to the client and store precincts Responsibly manage inventory and Geekmobile maintenance Provide feedback and training to store teams as well as assist in store stock repairs Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: Experience actively using and learning about consumer electronics Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends 6 months consumer electronics experience (sales, operations or services) 21 years of age or more Current valid driver’s license and a clear driving record Life or maneuver 75 lb. with/without reasonable accommodation and team lift up to 150 lb. What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Baker Helper: Position Renton Technical College, located southeast of Seattle, has provided quality education in a variety of occupations for over 75 years. Our apprenticeship, professional-technical certificate, and degree programs offer entry and mid- level training in the areas of allied health, trades and industry, culinary, business, technology, automotive, and general education. Our outstanding college & career pathways program with classes in adult basic education, English as a second language, and GED preparation, is available to those who need additional preparation prior to entering a training program and for those who simply wish to improve their math and English skills. As an Achieving the Dream Leader College and an Aspen Institute top 10 finalist for the Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence, RTC is also proud to be a Military Friendly School, serving those who chose to serve. This part-time (22.5 hours per week) hourly, classified position is part of the Food Service Team and reports directly to the Manager of Food Service Operations. The Baker Helper is responsible for Baker/Helper duties. May also demonstrate donut frying techniques to current students and report to the instructor on student's activities. Work hours for this position are 4:00 am to 8:30 am, Monday through Friday, during the instructional year (approximately 212 days). This position is scheduled to begin upon selection. _Renton Technical College is committed to increasing its cultural diversity with an emphasis on equity and inclusion among its professional staff. The students that we serve come from a variety of backgrounds and are almost 60% of color. We strongly encourage members of underrepresented groups, veterans, and bi- or multi-lingual individuals to apply for this position to help meet the needs of our diverse students and service district._ Key Responsibilities Include Demonstrate multicultural competence (including an awareness and understanding of historically disadvantaged populations) and create an educational and work environment that affirms commitment to equity, diversity, and inclusion. Support the college's mission by creating a learning and work environment of mutual respect and fairness, while encouraging creative and critical thinking. Contribute to the appreciation of diversity and foster a climate of multicultural understanding. Prepare, deep fry, and finish donuts, as assigned. Check production schedule to determine variety and quantity of goods to fry. Scale, mix and shape doughnuts to recipe standards. Demonstrate job functions to students and report on student activities to the instructor. Properly complete food requisition forms. Wash dishes, utensils and equipment as directed. Maintain a professional appearance and demeanor at all times, providing friendly customer service to all patrons. Comply with the health department rules and regulations at all times. Communicate professionally and effectively, both orally and in writing, with college employees and students. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Demonstrated experience or participation with persons from diverse backgrounds such as sexual orientation, racial, ethnic, religious, linguistic, gender, age, socio-economic, physical and learning abilities, and a commitment to an inclusive and equitable working / learning environment. One-year minimum experience working in a commercial kitchen environment. Prior donut making experience preferred. Ability to operate and maintain cleanliness of fryers, glazers, and related equipment is required. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision in a fast paced environment. Demonstrated aptitude in performing the work to be assigned. Ability to stand for an entire shift. Ability to lift up to 50 pounds. Frequent lifting, pushing and or carrying of supplies. Prolonged standing, walking, reaching, stooping, bending and kneeling may be required. Have or the ability to obtain and maintain a food handler's permit from the health department with in 60 calendar days' after employment begins. Ability to maintain confidentiality, think critically and exercise independent judgment required. Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively as part of a team. Demonstrated attention to detail required as well as previous experience maintaining accurate records, managing multiple tasks and planning and organizing work order to meet changing priorities and deadlines. Ability to represent the college in a positive and professional manner, while using tact, discretion and courtesy. Ability to speak a regionally top spoken language other than English is preferred (Spanish, Vietnamese, Russian, Somali, Chinese). Conditions of Employment The person hired is required to provide authorization for employment in the United States. This person is also required to become a member of the AFT-WA union, or pay a representation fee within 30 calendar days after employment begins. All offers of employment are subject to background checks. Post offer, pre hire background checks including criminal record, history may be conducted. Information from the background check will not necessarily preclude employment, but will be considered in determining the applicant's suitability and competence to perform in the position. _For questions regarding this position contact nmedbury@rtc.edu or 425-235-2296_
 Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Digital Health Writer: Bulletproof is an omni-channel content driven consumer products company. Our vision is to make high performance a daily reality for everyone by upgrading the earth’s coffee and food. Our mission is to help people perform better, think faster, and live better using a proven blend of ancient knowledge and new technologies, informed by science, and measured results from our customers. BP products help people live better by using fat for fuel, saying goodbye to sugar and supercharging mitochondria. Bulletproof has a team of experienced entrepreneurs and biohackers working to make high performance a daily reality for everyone on the planet. While our culture is casual and our workplace flexible, everyone on the team is passionate, smart, focused and driven. Our customers know that our coffee, beverages, food, and supplements are the purest you can get anywhere, and you can expect to feel a difference in how you perform the first time you experience them. Environmentally conscious and ethically sourced products build a sustainable foundation for future generations to thrive Bulletproof is seeking a dynamic and talented digital journalist with a strong background in science-based health and wellness reporting to join the blog’s content team. The ideal candidate geeks out over the latest scientific research, has a deep knowledge of the wellness space, and experience working at an online news or lifestyle site. Candidates must live in Washington State or California. As the Digital Health Writer, you will write engaging stories across all verticals and mediums. That includes video scripts, social media captions, viral news commentary, listicles, and deeply researched and footnoted long- form features. You know all the buzzwords (lectins, nootropics, mitochondria) and what they mean - and can point to a more than a few studies on each one. You also know the nutrition space intimately and can explain to anyone the difference between Paleo, Whole30, keto and Bulletproof. You possess impeccable grammar, organization, clarity and accuracy, and are obsessive about formatting, style, and voice. You are inquisitive, full of great story ideas, and know how to write an irresistible headline. You’ve also never missed a deadline. Bonus points for basic HTML, SEO, and on-camera experience. Key Responsibilities: Write rigorously researched, science-backed articles, meeting daily deadlines quickly and accurately. Turn complicated scientific jargon into snappy and engaging video scripts. Pitch clickable, science-backed content (infographics, videos, articles) according to search trends and what’s resonating in the wellness and biohacking spaces. Be a scientific advisor to the editorial and social teams, providing easy-to-understand answers to our readers’ questions about the Bulletproof lifestyle, with links to studies that back up the advice. Work with the social, photo, and video teams to help shape storytelling efforts. Build content in Wordpress, optimizing articles and images for search. About You: You live in WA or CA, or are willing to move there. You nerd out on research. You read PubMed for fun. You know what good research looks like, and you seek it out. You have demonstrated experience as a video journalist – writing scripts for YouTube and social media. Your writing is scientific but accessible. Think … explaining the Krebs cycle to a 5th grader. Or describing mitochondria to a friend with zero science background. You take the reins and run with them, requiring little oversight to get things done. You love learning - and you really love grammar. You’re curious about the Bulletproof Diet and lifestyle, and might even be willing to try it out to better understand your reader. Skills and Experience: Science writing/editing background is mandatory. 3-5 years of professional editorial experience in a dynamic, deadline- and results-oriented environment, with the clips to prove it. You have a portfolio of videos that demonstrate your script-writing ability. The writing style chops to shift gears - one day you’re working on a deep-dive biohacking piece, the next day you’re writing a Whole30 recipe roundup. Highly proficient in WordPress, MS Office Suite, project management, and editorial calendar software. Some sense of visual design is a plus - you think about how to engage the reader with images and infographics as well as good writing. Bachelor’s degree preferred in a related field such as journalism, nutrition, biology, psychology, neuroscience, medicine, or similar. On-camera experience is a plus, but not mandatory To apply: Send us your resume and cover letter, telling us why you’d make the perfect fit. Include the following 2-3 writing samples: One showcasing your deep-dive research skills. Show off your chops at making a complex subject easily understood and fun. This article should have plenty of scientific references. This is a full-time, work-from-home position working with a team of seasoned, creative journalists and thought leaders. At Bulletproof, we value balance, fun, and continually learning in work and play. Being Bulletproof is being intellectually curious and making the most of opportunities to grow personally and professionally. You are knowledgeable, reliable, innovative, and open. Think you’ve got what it takes? Let’s talk!
Apple Mobile Master: What does a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master do? At Best Buy, our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. The Apple Mobile Master provides a world-class customer experience and improves our efficiency as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. The Apple Mobile Master ensures that no customers are ever left unserved or underserved, providing velocity and solutions support to solve for customer needs. Works closely with other employees, especially the Sales Team Leader, Supervisor or Manager, to ensure customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master, you will engage customers using selling skills to complete the sale, drive profitable growth, and achieve your individual goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
VP of Marketing: We believe that the future of writing is knowing who will respond to anything you write before you even publish it. Textio’s category-defining augmented writing platform is delighting customers, and our team is growing fast. Textio has already changed the way that thousands of companies write and hire, and we are hiring an experienced, creative, and analytical VP of Marketing to help define the augmented writing category. Textio invented augmented writing. Three years into our journey, we are the only platform on the market that tells you who’s going to respond to anything you’re writing. Our first product, Textio Hire, exposes this predictive power for job posts and recruiting mail for global enterprises like Johnson & Johnson, Credit Suisse, CVS, and many more. We are extending our purpose-built stack to expand Textio’s use to other kinds of writing across the enterprise. Our product marketing landscape is exciting, complex, and category-defining. As our VP of Marketing, you will not only lead marketing efforts for our existing product, you will conceive and implement the marketing plan for all product and domain extensions. You will partner with the CEO to define the strategy and metrics that best evaluate our marketing effectiveness, and you and your team will execute against those metrics. This is a broad-scope marketing leadership role that includes product positioning, customer segmentation, measurement, communications, and sales enablement. You are as happy telling stories as you are working with quantitative data, and you know when to use which skill. In this role, you will lead Textio’s marketing efforts, working directly for the CEO and in close partnership with product, engineering, sales, and other business leaders at Textio. You will operate at all altitudes, both working on long-term marketing strategy and leading short-term project execution. We’d love to hear from you if: You have previous experience as an executive marketing leader focused on enterprise SaaS, especially in rapid-growth startup environments You have deep personal experience in product marketing, and at some stage of your career, you led product marketing for a completely new category You know how to define metrics, implement the instrumentation to measure them, and manage a team to hit them You focus on the quality and details of the marketing products you create, and measure success by the love that customers have for your product You experiment, and can break work down into relevant chunks that let us learn You are a results-minded leader who knows how to capitalize on the diverse strengths of people around you to succeed People love working with and for you You have a track record of trying and learning new things You have a point of view but are low ego Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!
Research Intern - Human segmentation and reconstruction: Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. At Microsoft, we also work to empower our employees, so they can achieve more. We believe we should each find meaning in our work and we ensure employees have the freedom and the reach to help make a difference in the world. Applied Sciences is an applied research and development team dedicated to creating the next generation of computer interaction technologies. The interdisciplinary group focuses on the synergy between optics, vision, electronics, software, manufacturing technology, materials science, acoustics and signal processing using other sensory inputs to create novel human computer interfaces. These explorations help incubate next generation technologies and experiences across several of Microsoft’s devices such as Surface, Xbox, Mobile, Hub and HoloLens. The team works collaboratively with these business groups as well as other research divisions within Microsoft, such as Microsoft Research, to not only push beyond the boundaries of present technical feasibilities but also to transfer fundamental concepts into shipping solutions that can be experienced by millions. Responsibilities Applied Sciences’ interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers and product developers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are offered year-round. One of our long-standing areas of interest human-human interaction in video conferencing scenarios. Computer vision, deep learning, and image processing are utilized for human segmentation and reconstruction in order to create interaction scenarios that are appropriate for human-human interaction. The team is currently looking for interns to help push the boundaries in this area of technology, that is fundamental to the human – computer experience. Qualifications Required Qualifications Currently enrolled in a PhD program in Computer Science or a related STEM field. Preferred Qualifications The ability to develop original research agendas; The ability to communicate and collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams working in different fields; Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Training and Development Program Manager: Job Summary This position is open until filled; however, the initial review of applications will begin August 3, 2018. King County Housing Authority (KCHA), an independent municipal organization is a high performing nationally recognized leader in affordable housing. KCHA is a national leader in providing innovative and effective housing solutions so that people and communities can prosper. Our vision is that all residents of King County have quality affordable housing. KCHA is the largest housing provider in the county, and annually, the agency serves over 50,000 low-income individuals. _We transform lives through housing._ The Training and Development Program Manager is a new position responsible for managing the daily activities and delivery of agency wide training programs and leadership development activities. This will be achieved through the collaborative development of KCHA's training and development strategy, securing or designing relevant coursework and curriculum, facilitation of training, and the administration of processes to track outcomes. This role conducts training needs assessments; builds a business case for new training programs; and evaluates and modifies training programs as required. The positions objective is to increase competencies and performance of staff at all levels of the organization with an emphasis on leadership development and management fundamentals. Essential Functions The Training and Development Program Manager will: Develop and facilitate, or research and secure instructor led training, team buildings, strategic planning, coaching and mentoring sessions. Integrate E-learning, and other modalities of training as needs are identified. Participate in the development of an Agency wide sustainable, strategic approach to training and development. Develop and implement specific training and development objectives, policies, and priorities that encompass leadership and technical advancement needs. Develop and deliver variety of training tools for learners that may include interactive job aids (orientation and onboarding), learning assessments, On The Job Training guides, and train-the-trainer curriculum. Conduct training evaluations to identify training success, agency impact, return on investment and areas of improvement. Attend and participate in professional group meetings; remain current and knowledgeable of industry standards, best practices, new trends and developments in the field of corporate training, leadership and organizational development; incorporate new developments as appropriate into programs. While the primary work location will be in Tukwila, the Training and Development Program Manager will be providing training to staff at KCHA properties and sites throughout King County; travel will be required (as needed). Click here for additional details regarding this position's classification specification. Qualifications and Competencies Required Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Training and Development Management, Organizational Development, Human Resources or closely related field AND A minimum of five years of experience with corporate training, curriculum development, and/or coaching and facilitation OR An equivalent combination of experience and education that provides the necessary knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the essential functions of this position. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Demonstrates a deep knowledge of business practices and leadership theory. Ability to measure and assess staff training needs. Applies effective written and verbal communication techniques to convey clear and timely messages to internal and external stakeholders; listens to people's ideas and concerns; has exceptional public speaking skills. Analyzes problems, identifies alternative solutions, and implements recommendations; demonstrates critical, creative, and reflective thinking. Establishes and nurtures relationships with stakeholders, regularly inviting feedback and suggestions; works cooperatively with others as an active member of a team. Works effectively and efficiently to provide quality service to satisfy service expectations; seeks ways to improve service delivery; demonstrates strong project management skills. Takes responsibility for own work performance and balancing critical job requirements, initiating and completing work; manages time/conflict/stress; ability to work effectively under pressure in a fast paced environment. Adapts to changing business needs, conditions, and work responsibilities; responds positively to change, embracing and using new practices or values. Work effectively and positively with individuals of diverse cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds and educationally diverse populations; values diversity; treats other with respect. Proficiency with MS Office to include Word, Excel, Outlook, and database software. Special Requirements: Consent to and pass a driver's and criminal records background check. Must possess a valid driver's license and own or have access to a vehicle to regularly travel between work sites, or have an alternative reliable mode of transportation. Position Information and Application Process Application Requirements: To be considered for this opportunity, you must: Complete the online application profile in its entirety. Upload a cover letter that addresses how your experience and education qualifies you to perform the essential functions listed in the job announcement. (Cover Letter) Upload a detailed résumé of all educational and professional experience. (Résumé) Salary & Benefits: The starting salary range of this position is $70,522.99 - $85,000 annually. A comprehensive health care benefits package for you and your dependents includes medical, dental and vision insurance, life and long-term disability insurance plans, vacation, sick and personal leave, reduced tuition, and retirement benefits are also available. Physical Work Environment: _Incumbent(s) must be able to meet the physical requirements of the classification and have mobility, balance, coordination, vision, hearing and dexterity levels appropriate to the functions performed. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions._ Work is performed primarily in an office environment with travel between work sites as needed. Incumbents frequently use standard office equipment including personal computers, telephone and related equipment. Work may require high volume processing with tight deadlines. Equal Opportunity: King County Housing Authority is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
PROGRAM OPERATIONS SPECIALIST: As a UW employee, you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please visit our website, click here. As a UW employee, you have a unique opportunity to change lives on our campuses, in our state and around the world. UW employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world. UW faculty and staff also enjoy outstanding benefits, professional growth opportunities and unique resources in an environment noted for diversity, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits and natural beauty. All of which has allowed the UW to be nationally recognized as a “Great College to Work For” for five consecutive years. The Division of Neuroanesthesiology and Perioperative Neurosciences is a highly specialized anesthesia program within the Department of Anesthesiology & Pain Medicine. The Division Chief provides oversight and direction for this specialized anesthesia service. The divisional activities (clinical, training and research) are primarily carried out primarily at the Harborview Medical Center (HMC) and University of Washington Medical Center (UWMC) although the faculty consults and collaborates at other UW facilities including Seattle Children’s and VA Medical Center. The division also collaborates clinically / academically with other divisions and departments as well with academic / research entities within the University as well as with other national / international organizations. The Division runs a non-ACGME fellowship program in addition to training residents and receives visiting scholars and observers from outside institutions. The research activity of the division is robust and is under the direction of the Division Chief. The Division of Neuroanesthesiology and Perioperative Neurosciences currently has an outstanding opportunity for a PROGRAM OPERATIONS SPECIALIST. The complicated and multi-faceted nature of this sub-specialty requires deep understanding of the program and its priorities and business practices and the ability to move effectively between the various systems and stakeholders with confidence and appropriate authority. This individual will routinely and independently assess, initiate and complete programmatic priorities that benefit the clinical, educational and research missions and ensure its success. The Division of Neuroanesthesiology and Perioperative Neurosciences is a new division in the department of Anesthesiology and Pain Medicine and is rapidly growing. The program is multi-disciplinary and has high visibility within UW Medicine. The Program Specialist will be a critical part of the growth, by working directly with Division Chief, faculty, HMC Division Manager, and Associate Director of Clinical Programs and Finance as the specialty service develops. The Neuroanesthesia Program Specialist would provide program support to all areas of the Program. This position reports to the HMC Division Manager, with a matrixed reporting to the Chief of Neuroanesthesiology. The ideal candidate will be someone who quickly gains understanding of all parts of the mission and goals of the Neuroanesthesia program and can work as a partner with the faculty leaders to plan Divisional priorities. S/he must be able to initiate and see to fulfillment the processes to implement these priorities. S/he must be able to work independently and problem solve through the myriad of priorities. Because of rapid program expansion, the Program Specialist must be able to build, grow and maintain a highly complex unit. Major responsibilities for this position include: Neuroanesthesia program operations (including fiscal management): 50% Program support for Neuroanesthesia Research, Education and Quality Improvement Activities: 30% Neuroanesthesia Division Chief and other Faculty support: 20% Management of Neuroanesthesia Operations: 50% Oversight and Management of Clinical Scheduling: Working directly with Chief, Divisional Managers, and Associate Director, maintain the overall clinical schedule for the Neuro Anesthesiologists. Coordinate and build the Neuroanesthesia schedule into SpinFusion to align as appropriate with UWMC and HMC OR tracking systems in SpinFusion. Recommend, and may customize SpinFusion report structure and design for month to date, year to date, annual and prior year reporting of faculty scheduling activity, call activity, clinical credit activity and other reports as determined Analyze and produce related data and reports for Chief and Division Manager Provide expertise and recommendations on staffing ratios, resident/fellow availability, incentives and other modeling based on analyses of SpinFusion data and other information. Communicate regularly with Chief, physicians, and Division Manager to ensure faculty will meet or exceed their bi-annual clinical commitments; submit reports for semi-annual period of record in a timely fashion. Resolves or escalates issues of non-compliance in a timely fashion to leadership for further action Financial Operations Management: Under the general direction of the HMC Division Manager and the Chief, the Operations Specialist will provide reporting, analysis and tools for the division to ensure clinical quality and divisional finance are appropriately managed Works with HMC Division Manager and Division Chief to draft Division annual operational budget; will review and monitor divisional budgets, recommending and initiating changes to maintain budget viability. Working with the HMC Division Manager, Division Chief, and other Department Division Managers, the Operations specialist will ensure accurate and timely tracking mechanisms for notifications of the Income Distribution Plan and clinical commitment structures. Working Directly with the HMC Division Manager and Division Chief provide financial management of the divisional finances, revenue analysis and fiscal stewardship recommendations Build, analyze and make recommendations on provider and hospital dashboards to track utilization, hours and productivity; assess and analyze opportunities for improvement Recommend process and general operational improvements for efficiency to the HMC Division Manager and Chief Working directly with the Chief provide direct support and management of the Quality Metrics project for the Neuroanesthesiology and Perioperative Neurosciences Provide administrative oversight on special projects as delegated by the HMC Division Manager and Chief Program Support of Neuroanesthesia Research, Education & Quality Improvement: 30% Program Support of Neuroanesthesia Research: Be or become knowledgeable of the Neuroanesthesiology and Perioperative Neurosciences research program and how it relates to the entire research portfolio of the department; In collaboration with the Division Chief, ensure all aspects of the divisional research program are managed, including budgets, facilities, research fellow appointments and other operational research support; Assist with grant application, IRB assistance Act as primary liaison for coordination of activities with other department personnel such as T32s, Bonica Scholars program, faculty seed funding, etc. Be or become knowledgeable of residency and fellowship requirements in specialty area and how it relates to the entire educational picture In collaboration with Chief, develop and produce fellowship and resident training and educational materials pertinent to Neuroanesthesia. Program Support of Education: Act as primary liaison for fellows and residents during their rotations through Neuroanesthesia; Work in close collaboration with Department’s Education Offices to ensure all aspects of residency/fellowship rotations are managed, including evaluations, preparation of reports to centralized GME/Education Office; Assist with developing and maintaining Neuroanesthesia Education Dashboard involving process and outcome metrics Neuroanesthesia Fellowship: Coordinate selection process (advertising, interviewing, evaluation, appointment / credentialing paperwork) Orientation, onboarding, clinical and academic schedule Evaluation, record keeping, certification / recommendation letters Assist in academic projects (IRB, recruitment, consent, samples, analysis, communications, coordination) Assist in journal clubs, clinical meetings and didactics (videoconferencing, teleconferencing etc.) Residents and Interns: Orientation, provide books and reading material as directed by rotation supervisor Coordinate web-based pre and post-tests, oral exam, simulation Assist with evaluation, record keeping Help create and publish educational content on intranet Observers / Visiting Scholars (variable): Approval paperwork Log / record keeping and certification Quality Improvement & Metrics Operations: Build, analyze and make recommendations on provider and hospital dashboards to track utilization, hours and productivity; assess and analyze opportunities for improvement Recommend process and general operational improvements for efficiency to the HMC Division Manager, Associate Director and Division Chief Working directly with the Division Chief provide direct support and management of the Quality Metrics project for the Neuroanesthesiology and Perioperative Neurosciences Provide administrative oversight on special projects as delegated by the HMC Division Manager and Division Chief Minimum Requirements: BA in business, finance or other related 2-3 years’ of experience in program operations of a moderately complex nature Other Required Qualifications: Excellent customer service Good analytic skills Proficient in use of Excel and other Microsoft suite of Office products; Aptitude for learning software programs Excellent verbal and written communication skills Can think strategically and operationalize strategy Can initiate activities and work independently; Works well in a team High level of accuracy in work products Desired Qualifications: Work in academic medical center Experience in Finance and/or Clinical Revenue Cycle; anesthesiology experience a plus
Senior Program Officer - Neglected Tropical Disease: Senior Program Officer, Neglected Tropical Diseases The Neglected Tropical Diseases program strategy team (NTD PST) plays a lead role in advancing the Global Health Division’s goal of addressing diseases that have a major impact on people in the developing world but get little attention and funding. Where proven tools exist, we support sustainable ways to improve their delivery. Where they don’t, we invest in research, development, and deployment of new interventions, such as vaccines, drugs, diagnostics, and vector control. We also support efforts to accelerate progress through coordinated, mass drug administration (MDA) interventions, public-health surveillance, screen and treat programs and vector control. Position Summary The London Declaration is one of the largest ever public-private initiatives, and it includes the donation by major pharmaceutical companies of $2-3 billion per annum in medications targeting five preventive chemotherapy (PC) NTDs (lymphatic filariasis, onchocerciasis, trachoma, schistosomiasis, and the soil-transmitted helminths). The Gates Foundation NTD team focuses on supporting sustainable approaches to improve and expand the implementation of NTD programs, assisting countries in taking full advantage of the extraordinary opportunity of the 2012 London Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases. We are actively engaged in implementing a strategy that increases the efficiency of accessing and delivering the donated medicines committed to accelerate impact for the control and/or elimination of the five PC-NTDs. This role will be responsible for leading our lymphatic filariasis (LF) and onchocerciasis (oncho) initiatives. The successful candidate will work in close collaboration with the NTD Director and team, as well as the broader global LF and oncho communities of WHO, USAID, DFID, and other key partners to evolve the vision for the most impactful way for BMGF to serve endemic countries’ ambitions for control and elimination of LF and oncho. S/he will decide what investments can most effectively reach these ambitions and which partners are the right partners in whom to invest. S/he will subsequently partner, develop, and manage a portfolio of grants and contracts to accomplish the global goals for these diseases in an end-to-end way, from project conception to implementation, and from basic research to development to operations research and ultimately implementation. This position requires expertise in NTDs and global health challenges, high-level strategic vision skills, grant-making and management skills, as well as expertise in program and project monitoring and evaluation. As a key member of the NTD leadership team, s/he will contribute to the continued development of the team’s vision, team culture, and team structure, while partnering closely with team leadership to contribute and set the overall strategy and goals for the Gates Foundation’s strategy on NTDs. The successful candidate will utilize a unique blend of rigorous technical expertise, global strategic visioning, keen skill in partnership at all levels, and detailed attention to execution. Core Responsibilities The SPO will be expected to: Act as an expert resource within the NTD program and as a consultative expert for other teams across the foundation a needed Lead the NTD team’s strategy for LF and Oncho, including developing goal(s) for each of the initiatives, articulating how the foundation’s goals support the global community’s elimination efforts, gaps in achieving goals and how the foundation is using its strategic advantage to close these gaps Contribute to the NTD team’s strategic initiative aimed at improving the implementation and delivery of MDA for lymphatic filariasis and onchocerciasis particularly in sub-Saharan Africa and India. Work in close collaboration with internal and external partners to design, negotiate, execute, and manage a complex portfolio of investments including performance-based grants and contracts against specific and measurable strategic goals related to improving delivery and implementation of NTD programs in-country. Review letters of inquiry and grant proposals and provide clear, concise and insightful written analyses and recommendations for funding. S/he will also serve in a technical advisory role bringing project management and in-country expertise to other grants in the team’s overall portfolio. Work with the World Health Organization (WHO), other funders, national and state/local governments, private companies and NGO service providers in our priority countries in sub-Saharan Africa to co-create catalytic investments aligned with the NTD team’s strategy and goals. Consult with grantees and partners in public and private sectors to maximize the impact of projects and investments and to ensure optimal learning. This may include participating in site visits, providing operational guidance, working with companies, and convening meetings of key stakeholders. Contribute to the evolution of the NTD program’s vision, strategic objectives, priorities, processes, and organizational structure, including integration and coordination with the overall NTD strategy. Directly or indirectly lead a matrixed team internally and externally to the Foundation to develop, manage and implement initiative strategies. Contribute to the design of new initiatives, cross-program, and cross- foundation strategies, including collaborating and/or implementing plans to ensure long-term sustainability and increased impact. Collaborate with foundation colleagues in related program areas to take advantage of cross-sector grant making opportunities. Represent the foundation to key program-related external constituencies, as appropriate, on committees related to area of expertise and responsibilities of the position. Reports to: Director, Neglected Tropical Diseases Leadership and Culture We believe that energized people, working well together, fueled by great leadership in an inclusive environment in which they thrive, will do phenomenal things. Core Knowledge and Skills We are looking for people who enjoy the challenge of working on complex projects and collaboratively creating solutions that have the potential for transformational change. We seek a global leader with deep knowledge of Tropical Diseases, NTDs or Malaria, preferably with experience in public health and familiarity with the development and deployment of various products/interventions to achieve impact on the burden of infectious diseases. Education and Experience The ideal candidate should have: Successfully worked in developing countries for a significant period; gaining an appreciation for the complexities of implementing and managing field-based programs. Preference for experience in the Sub-Saharan Africa region and/or India. Experience working with governments (e.g. African and/or Indian governments), Ministries of Health, NGOs and Academic Institutions, as well as with regional, multi-country institutions such as WHO. In depth knowledge of Tropical Disease, Malaria or NTDs; preference for LF and Oncho. Proven ability to lead and influence others in a constructive manner and to build and sustain collaborative relationships. Experience as a technical resource to teams and leadership on impact, cost effectiveness and decision analysis. Experience in strategic planning and strategy implementation. Program and/or project management experience; from work plan concept development to implementation. Strong competence working within a highly matrix environment where impact is achieved through collaboration with diverse colleagues/teams as well as externally within a network of grantees and partners. Comfortable dealing with ambiguity, and with turning ambiguity into clarity and impact. Demonstrated ability to work with a wide variety of partners (e.g. government, development, etc.) from a diverse range of geographies, cultures, across sectors and expertise. Ability to work in a complex team environment delivering on multiple outcomes; “leading from behind”. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, able to effectively synthesize information to reach diverse audiences, build consensus and be the voice/represent the foundation, including in high-level meetings. Knowledge in methods of impact evaluation, operational research and modeling. Strong quantitative analytical skills. Advanced degree with 10 plus years of experience; or equivalent experience. Ability to travel up to 30% domestically and internationally. Anticipate higher initial travel needs, especially to Africa and India, during the first 12 to 18 months of employment. As part of our standard hiring process for new employees, employment with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation will be contingent upon successful completion of a background check. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is dedicated to the belief that all lives have equal value. We’re committed to creating a workplace where employees thrive both personally and professionally. We also believe our employees should reflect the rich diversity of the global populations we aim to serve—in race, gender, age, cultures and beliefs—and we support this diversity through all of our employment practices. All applicants and employees who are drawn to serve the mission of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation will enjoy equality of opportunity and fair treatment without regard to: Race Color Age Religion Pregnancy Sex Sexual Orientation Disability Gender Identity Gender Expression National Origin Genetic Information Veteran Status Marital Status Prior Protected Activity
 Game Designer: Are you a passionate and experienced game designer who wants to help change education? SMART Technologies wants you! We invented the SMART Board and established its use in education decades ago. We provide a suite of education software and tools for teachers and students to use with their technology in the classroom. And now, we are actively working with game-based learning and gamification. We are looking for a game designer or a UX Designer with gaming experience to join our talented UX team and create amazing experiences for teachers and students that push the boundaries of how students learn in an evolving education industry. Duties and Responsibilities We are insanely user-focused and work directly and frequently with teachers, students and administrators with different approaches to education. So, you are intensely curious, love to learn from users at every opportunity, and doggedly pursue delighting them in everything you create. We are working on a “game-changing” approach to how kids learn with games and how games can lead to great learning outcomes. So, you bring range of game design skills to our team such as narrative creation, game mechanics, art direction, and more. We are an “internal startup” within SMART. So, you are fearless in trying new things and you love working in new, ambiguous, and uncharted territory. We create software for multiple platforms and interaction models, including PC, web, mobile, and large touch displays. So, you have demonstrable experience with multiple platforms and depth of knowledge in at least one. You also enjoy exploring new and creative ways people can interact with and use these devices. We collaborate richly and deeply across internal development, program management, and QA team as well as marketing and other groups across SMART, and we also work globally with a wide variety of talented freelancers and contractors. So, you love working closely with teams on a day to day basis, you enjoy figuring out new ways to work remotely as well as locally, and your favorite pronoun is “we.” We work in a hybrid agile and stage-gate process for our main software and hardware, but the gaming space is new for us. So, you embrace the philosophy of lean while creating new and better ways to plan and develop rich game experiences – and you love helping show other teams new ways of doing things better, faster, and stronger borrowed from the gaming world. We work in a lean, flat structure. So, you have the responsibility to provide design leadership directly and independently in your product area, to drive the right thing to do for our customers, and to achieve delightful game experiences. And at the end of the day, you evaluate success based on how well teachers help students learn with our SMART products. Education and Work Experience A strong ludography demonstrating hands-on game experience and showing how you’ve made a difference. A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with a focus on game design, interactive media, human-computer interaction, or a certificate in game design, or equivalent amount of industry experience in gaming. A minimum of 2-3 years of working experience in game design, user experience or interaction design. Demonstrated experience with game and/or UX design for the mobile platform. Deep understanding of game mechanics and balancing. Strong analytical and leadership skills. Excellent communication skills, including written and oral presentation skills. Deep knowledge of game design with knowledge of UX design. Proficiency with game design tools and/or and prototyping software applications. Experience with the agile development process is a plus. Strong visual design skills and storytelling skills is a plus.
Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Research Intern - Reinforcement Learning & Software Engineering: Researchers in artificial intelligence are harnessing the explosion of digital data and computational power with advanced algorithms to enable collaborative and natural interactions between people and machines that extend the human ability to sense, learn and understand. The research infuses computers, materials and systems with the ability to reason, communicate and perform with humanlike skill and agility. In our group, we are combining the power of machine learning and programming languages technologies to advance state of the art in artificial intelligence, empower neural networks with reasoning, programming, and planning capabilities, and enable intelligent analysis and assistance in all the stages of software development. Our research involves program synthesis and analysis as well as deep learning and reinforcement learning, and targets a wide variety of applications including development environments, spreadsheets, end- user data processing, educational platforms, and information retrieval. Responsibilities Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. In this internship, you will investigate transforming the practice of software interface testing using state-of-the-art artificial intelligence techniques such as reinforcement learning. You will use expert usage demonstrations, a vibrant database of real-life applications, and an infrastructure for collecting runtime diagnostics to learn natural patterns that arise in application design, navigation, and usage. Qualifications Required Qualifications Must be currently enrolled in M.S. or Ph.D. program in Computer Science or a related field. Must have at least 1 year of experience with reinforcement learning. Preferred Qualifications Must be able to collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams. Preferably currently enrolled in a Ph.D. program with a research focus on reinforcement learning. Preferably has experience working with programming languages or software engineering research. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Program Manager, Learning & Development: Los Gatos, California Human Resources Netflix is looking for an innovator in the learning and development space to partner with our HR team to manage and optimize our training experiences to meet the needs of our growing global workforce. Curiosity is one of our core values and we are passionate learners, but we approach learning and development with a different lens here. We integrate key aspects of our culture such as “context, not control” and “freedom and responsibility” which means we lean away from defining learning processes for teams and more towards enabling leaders to create the right experience for their team. The Program Manager, Learning and Development will work with leaders across the company to coordinate training sessions, identify executional efficiencies and improve the materials in terms of content and method of delivery. They will need to understand the goal of the training as well as the audience and use their deep pocket of experience and ideas to provide scalable solutions that resonate with individuals at all levels. This will require a program manager who is quick on their feet, creative in their troubleshooting, and confident in their communication. In this role you will: Be a consultant to the HR Business Partners in creating the right type of material to solve for the specific business/team need including suggesting alternative training solutions to better suit the needs of the business i.e. self-service portal, videos, e-learning, etc. Project manage learning and development initiatives including coordination of logistics, managing materials and providing a critical eye to ensure content is stage ready Monitor and evaluate the training effectiveness through feedback and evaluation following the sessions to continuously improve learning effectiveness. Organize past and current learning materials into a central library resource for HRBPs and leaders to use Cultivate and maintain relationships with external vendors and consultants as needed We want someone who has: Current knowledge of effective learning and development methods including understanding of training trends and best practices Familiarity with e-learning platforms and content creation Has a creative perspective and eye for detail Excellent project/program management and organization skills Has worked with a growing global employee base in a mid-sized company Prior time working in technology companies valued Leadership development experience preferred Excited about working within the Netflix culture
 Deep Learning Engineer: You want to make a difference. So do we. Volvo Cars is on an exciting journey, redefining the automotive experience by innovating to make people’s lives less complicated. We offer you a once-in-a- lifetime chance to be part of making an impact in a company with unique opportunities to grow and make a true difference. We are now building up a Research & Development Tech Centre in the Bay Area with focus on exploring and utilizing new technologies. This a long-term initiative which will give Volvo Cars an important footprint in the US to develop innovative ideas and scout new technologies and trends. Volvo Cars is looking for creative and innovative individuals who wants to be a member in the team developing the next generation’s Volvo cars. Main responsibilities You will support the development of new interesting proof of concepts within the field of Autonomous drive and ADAS. You will work with the development (designing, training, analyzing and evaluating) of Deep Learning networks and Computer Vision algorithms that will enable our cars to understand complex environments based on input from multiple sensor modalities e.g. cameras, radars, lidars and ultrasonic sensors. Work cross functional in a pragmatic way to achieve success as a team. Required qualifications: M.Sc/PhD in Electrical Engineering /Computer Science /Physics or equivalent practical experience Excellent mathematical skills and a good understanding in applied physics. 2+ years applied experience within Deep Learning development and architectures associated with Deep learning. Preferably with computer vision related applications. Good knowledge in Computer Vision Proven experience with Deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Caffe Fluency in Python and/or C/C++ Experience with Open GL/Open CL Experience in working with software development in embedded real time systems Knowledge about vision sensors such as camera, LIDARs, etc. Personal qualities: Inclusive, communicative, team oriented, customer focused Analytic problem solver Curious and continuously searching for new knowledge Attention to detail and strong sense of responsibility Patience and endurance. Continues until root cause is found and solved Result driven – finds new and better ways Strongly self-motivated. Will be rewarded with greater freedom of work A hands-on approach to problems. Learn by doing Who are we? Volvo Cars is a company on a mission to bring traditional car manufacturing into a connected, sustainable and smart future. Since 1927, we have been a brand known for our commitment to safety, creating innovative cars that make life less complicated for our consumers. In 2010, we decided to transform our business, resulting in a totally new generation of cars and technologies, as well as steady growth and record sales. Today, we’re expanding our global footprint in Europe, China and the US, and we’re on the lookout for new talent. We are constantly pushing our own skills and abilities to drive change in the automobile industry like never before. We are looking for innovative, committed people to join us in this endeavour and create safe, sustainable and connected cars. We believe in the power of people and will challenge and support you to reach your full potential. Join us and be part of Volvo Cars’ journey into the future.
Deep Learning & Genomics Engineer: We are now looking for Deep Learning & Genomics Engineer: NVIDIA is using the power of GPU computing and AI to accelerate the adoption of DNA and RNA sequencing technologies. We are seeking passionate and talented individuals to help us realize our mission, which has the potential to accelerate precision medicine and precision agriculture. As a Deep Learning & Genomics Engineer, you will join a research and development team focused on infrastructure development and collaborations with industry and academic partners. This position provides the opportunity to define, implement, productize, and deliver deep learning driven algorithms for a wide range of sequencing technologies. What you will be doing: You’ll prototype and build data processing pipelines and deep learning algorithms for sequencing data Collaborate with multiple AI infrastructure and research teams Drive the testing and maintenance of the algorithms and software modules Develop tools to assist data processing, data quality control, algorithm development, and algorithm testing What we need to see: Advanced degree (MS or Ph.D.) in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Physics, Computational Biology, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field 5 years of relevant work experience Expertise in deep learning and machine learning Familiarity with one or more deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or Torch Experience developing algorithms and pipelines for next-generation sequencing data analysis is a plus Recognized for technical leadership contributions, capable of self-direction, and willingness to learn from and teach others Strong experience with one or more programming languages & the ability to write high-quality, production-ready code You should display strong communication skills, be organized and self-motivated, and play well with others (be a phenomenal teammate) With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, Nvidia is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working with us and our engineering teams are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields: Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Autonomous Vehicles. Are you a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for machine learning, computational biology, data science & parallel computing? If so, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
 Contract Deep Learning Recruiter: What you'll be doing: As a Deep Learning Recruiter, you will play a key role in working with our hiring engineers in software engineering across the company that will identify and attract brilliant talent to our group. You will be constantly challenged to think creatively about how to drive hiring results. Our job seeker will provide innovative ways to help you drive NVIDIA's hiring process and the overall candidate and hiring manager experience that provide solutions to meet business needs Be responsible for your candidate recruiting lifecycle Build and maintain a network of people through creative sourcing techniques that may include web/social sourcing, networking events, conferences, research, referrals, and other creative ways to fill your candidate pipeline Report on recruitment activities What we need to see: 4+ years in-house technical recruiting experience with shown experience and real passion for the overall hiring manager and candidate experience, hiring top talent and providing staffing solutions with experience in hiring software engineering positions. Demonstrated ability to partner and influence senior management, hiring leaders and partners Experience project handling recruiting projects, multiple searches and clients Collaboration skills with ability to gain trust and inspire your hiring partners and team Excellent oral and written communication skills Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience ATS experience Ways to stand out from the crowd: Workday ATS experience a plus Proficient with MS Office (Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint) We are an equal opportunity company. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Deep Learning Scientist: As a member of the Autopilot Vision team you will research, design, implement, optimize and deploy models and algorithms that advance the state of the art in autonomous driving. A strong candidate will ideally possess at least one strong expertise in the following areas, and at least a basic familiarity in others. Responsibilities Train machine learning and deep learning models on a computing cluster to perform visual recognition tasks, such as segmentation and detection Develop state-of-the-art algorithms in one or all of the following areas: deep learning (convolutional neural networks), object detection/classification, tracking, intrinsic/extrinsic camera calibration, visual odometry, structure from motion, multi-sensor fusion, etc. Optimize deep neural networks and the associated preprocessing/postprocessing code to run efficiently on an embedded device Integrate embedded code with the larger Tesla Autopilot development team to introduce new features and capabilities to Tesla’s vehicles. Requirements Solid understanding of linear algebra, algorithms, machine learning, optimization, numerical methods Excellent C/C++ coding, strong engineering practices, debugging/profiling skills, familiarity with multi-threaded programming Experience with data science tools including Python scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks, bash scripting, Linux environment Experience with at least one main stream deep learning frameworks, including TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe(2), MXNet Experience with computer vision or robotics libraries (e.g., OpenCV, PCL, ROS) Experience with CUDA/OpenCL, OpenGL a plus Apply Tesla participates in the E-Verify Program
Deep Learning Software Engineer: Job Description Here at Intel we are seeking a Deep Learning Software Engineer join our Client computing Group in Santa Clara, CA. You will work with the development designing, training, analyzing, evaluating, porting and optimizing of Deep Learning networks and Computer Vision algorithms for efficient execution on edge devices. Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed can be obtained through school work, classes and project work, internships, military training, and/or work experience. Minimum Qualifications: BS Degree in computer science or a similar technical field. 5+ years of programming experience with C/C++ Preferred Qualifications: 1+ years of experience with Python Deep Learning Tool/Frameworks/Libraries is a plus Developed some Deep Learning models with DL tools and Frameworks is a plus. Inside this Business Group The Client Computing Group is responsible for all aspects of the client computing business across Phone, Phablet, Tablet and PC platforms, leading Intel's efforts to transform client computing through technologies, new form factors, and driving Intel's corporate-wide user experience initiatives. This spans all client device brands including hardware, software and connectivity ingredients for phones, tablets, Ultrabook™, All-in-Ones, 2 in 1 computing devices, and home gateways. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.
 Deep Learning Scientist: Job Description Bosch is at the forefront of innovation in the connected world and is impacting millions of lives every day through its products in mobility, industrial technology, consumer goods and energy and smart building sectors. We rely on data for every aspect of our product lifecycle and operations and we collect a lot of it every day. Our team is responsible for enabling a wide variety of Bosch engineering teams to make use of advancements in AI through centralized services that involve streaming data from connected services to building and deploying state-of-art AI solutions. We are looking for a talented engineer who is passionate about building fault- tolerant data services and analytics tools targeted towards vision applications. Your work will be used by hundreds of Bosch engineers and will have global impact by improving the quality and value of Bosch products. Primary Responsibilities: Execute complex machine learning and deep learning projects that have a significant impact on Bosch global business. Share knowledge by clearly articulating results and ideas to customers, managers, and key decision makers. Collaborate with product, engineering, and marketing teams across many Bosch business domains (automotive, industrial, internet of things) to translate business needs into technical solutions Collaborate with other data scientist and data engineers to design, prioritize and implement new features for our AI platform to solve real customer problems Write clear, maintainable and tested code Stay current with the latest research and technology and communicate your knowledge throughout the enterprise Take responsibility for preparing data for analysis, review data preparation/ETL code and provide critical feedback on issues of data integrity Contribute to Bosch's patent portfolio Up to 10% travel may be required. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: Masters Degree in Computer science, electrical and computer engineering and 2+ years of professional experience 4+ years experience with Python (Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy) 1+ yrs experience designing and implementing deep NN architectures (both convolutional and recurrent) using open-source deep learning frameworks, e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch Preferred Qualifications: Ph.D in Computer science, electrical and computer engineering or related field with focus on deep learning and feature discovery In depth knowledge and working experience on the various aspects of training and deployment of deep networks Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms & principles Experience building deep NN models for image classification, object detection and semantic segmentation Familiarity with CPU/GPU architectures and numeric libraries Hands-on experience in distributed training of deep architectures: multi-GPU, multi-node, synchronous and asynchronous Experience with computer vision libraries like OpenCV Publications in top conferences such as NIPS, CVPR, ICLR, ICML Additional Information By choice, we are committed to a diverse workforce - EOE/Protected Veteran/Disabled. BOSCH is a proud supporter of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics)Initiatives: FIRST Robotics (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) AWIM (A World In Motion)
 Deep Learning Algorithm Developer: Job Description In this position, you will be working on machine learning and wireless algorithm design in the Next Generation and Standards group within Intel. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Uses or develops machine learning algorithms, such as supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, Bayesian analysis and others, to solve applied problems in various disciplines such as 5G Wireless, Data Analytics, Computer Vision, Robotics, etc. Interacts with users to define requirements for breakthrough product/solutions. Completes programming, testing, debugging and documentation of the solution. Engineers deep learning computing frameworks, data modeling and other relevant software tools. Qualifications Minimum qualifications MS or Ph.D degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineer or Electrical Engineer. Minimum of 1 year of industry or research experience in machine learning and has proficient knowledge of Deep Learning and image/speech processing related machine learning technologies. Preferred qualifications Deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Theano, Caffe, etc. Proficient in Python and OOP development as well as in designing and implementing deep learning network. Inside this Business Group The Next Generation and Standards Group's mission is to lead standards, ecosystem, and prototyping development efforts across Intel for advanced wireless communications IP, starting with 5G and beyond. This group brings together a panorama of competencies including standards creation, ecosystem development, use case and business development in creating advanced prototypes and technologies that propel Intel's leadership. In addition, the group is rapidly expanding towards integration of communications and compute with new technologies and use cases including advanced end to end communication networks, autonomous driving, drones, artificial intelligence, while continuing its leadership in 5G. NGS holds all the advanced communications and compute technology assets to deliver an exciting, converged future at the center of the intelligent data explosion. Other Locations US, Oregon, Hillsboro Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.
 Deep Learning Engineer: For two decades, NVIDIA has pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics. With our invention of the GPU - the engine of modern visual computing - the field has expanded to encompass PC games, movie production, product design, medical diagnosis and scientific research. Today, visual computing is becoming increasingly central to how people interact with technology, and there has never been a more exciting time to join our team. We are now looking for a Developer Technology Engineer to focus on Deep Learning for real time graphics, games and content creation. What you'll be doing: Participate with some of the most talented ground-breaking developers throughout the world. You will interact closely with the architecture and driver teams at NVIDIA in ensuring the best possible experience on current generation hardware, and on determining trends and features for next generation architectures. Play with the latest GPU technology to develop new techniques using GPUs, create technical demos, write whitepapers and present your work at conferences. Collaborate with developers on applying deep learning to solve problems in real time graphics, games and content creation. What we need to see: You have a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience. Strong knowledge of 3D graphics and GPU technologies, including shaders, shading languages and rendering techniques. You have experience in machine learning algorithms and applications. Proficient in C++ with strong software development, optimization, and debugging skills. Good communication skills. Able to travel for on-site visits with developers and for conferences. Ways to stand out from the crowd: Programming experience with machine learning/deep learning frameworks such as Theano, TensorFlow or Caffe. You have experience with real-time 3D APIs such as Vulkan, OpenGL or DirectX. You have an understanding of GPU architectures. With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our special engineering teams are growing fast. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a genuine passion for technology, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
AI & Deep learning developer: We are looking for an AI and Machine learning developer to join our team, who likes his work, just like us, is focused on development and new ideas. We develop mobile and web applications for top-rating startups in US and Europe and use the latest technologies which are changing the world. Job responsibilities Research and development of AI and Machine Learning algorithms for mobile platforms and back-end Requirements Work experience over 3 years; Experienced Python, C++ programmer; Good knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, neural networks, Tensorflow; Experience of work with NLP, computer vision and AR will be an advantage; Experience of work with one of the following is preferred: Tensorflow, Caffe, MxNet, NLTK, OpenNLP, R; Excellent math education (math & data modeling, algorithms, regression analysis, statistics, probability theory). What we offer A dynamic, collaborative team; space to develop and shape an ambitious business Competitive success oriented remuneration package Tech Startup environment Flexible hours, office is close to Highways &Expressways
 Deep Learning Consultant: If you are excited by the chance to solve challenging problems, work with interesting people, and be on the leading edge of a technology revolution, our team may be the perfect place for you. We are now looking for a Professional Services Deep Learning Consultant to join our team of dedicated deep learning practitioners and engineers and assist our customers in the adoption of deep learning. What you’ll do: You'll drive deep learning adoption on NVIDIA platforms through a variety of customer facing projects with a strong mentoring component. You will be the go to expert for data issues, network selection, network training, and deploying trained systems. You'll be teaching hands on Deep Learning courses and leading workshops for customers and partners. You'll collaborate with selected partner organizations to enable and expand their ability to deliver deep learning consulting services on our platforms. What we need to see: You have at least a BS in mathematics, computer science, or engineering or 7+ year of experience in the HPC field. You have prior experience in a customer facing consulting role. You bring a working knowledge of data science, deep learning and GPU acceleration. Demonstrated history of delivering projects with Python and C/C++ under Linux. Ways to stand out from the crowd: We prefer a MS or Ph.D in a computational or mathematical field. We value prior consulting sales experience. Prior experience as a pre-sales engineer or architect is a plus. You have demonstrated the ability to work in a distributed team. Your past industry experience is in finance, health care, biomedical science or retail data analytics. You have delivered projects in multiple DL frameworks. You are experienced with Spark or Hadoop data science ecosystem tools. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! We welcome teammates in the following locations: SF Bay, Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, Washington DC. deeplearning NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Deep Learning Engineer / Researcher: Job Description What you will be working on Cutting edge problems in applied deep learning, machine learning, and AI in one or more of the following areas: Computer vision, object detection and localization, speech recognition, natural language processing, recommendation systems, forecasting, and multimodal learning Inventing novel models that combine unsupervised and supervised learning, reinforcement learning Developing deep learning algorithms to exploit novel distributed processor architectures Developing our Deep Learning framework Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. Master’s or PhD in computer science, electrical engineering or related fields (statistics, applied math, computational neuroscience) 3+ years of experience in DL, ML algorithms and model development Proficiency in Python, C++. Familiarity with DL frameworks (e.g. neon, TensorFlow, Caffe, etc.) Preferred Qualifications: Research experience in deep learning Understanding of deep learning hardware (CPU, GPU, multi-node) Drive to solve customers’ problems using technical creativity and hard work Inside this Business Group Intel AI, leveraging Intel's world leading position in silicon innovation and proven history in creating the compute standards that power our world, is transforming Artificial Intelligence (AI) with the Intel AI products portfolio. Harnessing silicon designed specifically for AI, end to end solutions that broadly span from the data center to the edge, and tools that enable customers to quickly deploy and scale up, Intel AI is inside AI and leading the next evolution of compute. Other Locations US, California, San Diego; Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.
 Developer, Autonomous Vehicles Training, Deep Learning Institute (DLI): The NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute (DLI) team is searching for an exceptional curriculum developer to craft hands-on training content. In this role, you will collaborate with internal and external subject matter experts to create project-based learning experiences that teach developers and data scientists how to solve challenging problems in the field of autonomous vehicles with deep learning. What you'll be doing: Develop hands-on training for developers, researchers, and data scientists on the Deep Learning Institute content development team Collaborate with internal and external subject matter experts to create project-based training specific to the challenges faced in the field of autonomous vehicles Deliver high-quality workshops to internal technical audiences to test and validate the curriculum Teach instructors how to deliver the content you create as a world class learning experience What we need to see: Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering, or equivalent experience 1+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: computer vision, visual geometry, LIDAR perception,or SLAM 6+ months of experience with deep learning Ability to work multi-functionally across many levels of a matrixed organization Prior success handling multiple projects at a time Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience building in-depth, hands-on training for a technical audience Strength presenting to technical audiences and/or prior teaching experience Strong communication and interpersonal skills MS degree in computer science/engineering or similar, and 2 plus years of industry experience 3+ years of experience of machine learning or deep learning experience 2+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: computer vision, visual geometry, LIDAR perception, and/or SLAM Experience in deep learning applications for autonomous vehicles NVIDIA’s invention of the GPU 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company”. We are growing our company, and growing our teams with the smartest people in the world. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
 Software Engineer, Deep Learning/Computer Vision: This role of Deep Learning/Computer Vision Engineer is a 30/70 research vs. engineering role. Responsibility Develop the state-of-the-art computer vision and machine learning/deep learning algorithms to operate on large data sets that provides robust situational assessment and predictive capabilities. Perform prototype implementation of the algorithms developed Share knowledge by clearly articulating ideas through papers and presentations to technical staff, management. Qualifications: Heavy exposure computer vision/Open CV Good understanding of scikit-learn Must be professional level in Python and C++/C. Fluency in Pytorch/Tensorflow/Keras Master/Ph.D in the field of Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or related field
Applied Deep Learning Scientist: Job Description we live in a moment of remarkable change and opportunity. Data and technology are transforming industries, society, and even the workplace–by creating professions that did not exist before the emergence of data, cloud, social, and mobile. As the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, IBM is a leader in this global transformation and just the place to continue your career. Position will support existing team of specialists working on enterprise use- cases, specifically tasked with the transformation of IBMs internal business practices to be more AI centric. Secondary role will be that to move certain derivative works to product and work with existing enterprise clients on their own journey. Required Technical and Professional Expertise Bachelor degree in computing science, comp engineering, stats, mathematics or other relevant field 1-5 yrs experience in applying machine learning to applied use-cases Preferred Tech and Prof Experience PhD in computing science, comp engineering with focus on Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Search, Optimization Fundamental understanding of Machine Learning with relevant publications in AI, ML, DL Productization experience, i.e. movement of research to product or new product design enterprise use-cases and applying ML & DL techniques EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
 Deep Learning Performance Architect: The Intelligence Accelerator team is responsible for fast and efficient execution of deep learning inference, computer vision, and other compute intensive workloads on next generation autonomous vehicles. You’ll be solving difficult problems that have immediate and valuable real-world applications: In this role you will: Design, develop, and ship high-performance software on-vehicle including the execution platform for inference, vision and other sensor processing modules Implement systems for low latency deep-learning based computations on modern SoC, GPU or FPGA compute platforms Ensure correctness, performance and reliability of the system Influence the product roadmap, and take ownership and responsibility over new projects to make them happen Experience with the following is highly valuable: 3+ years of software experience in Unix/Linux, preferably in a high performance environment Solid C and/or C++ expertise for performance sensitive parallel code Experience with accelerator programming models such as CUDA or OpenCL Prior hands-on experience using GPU, FPGA or other accelerators to offload computational workloads Understanding of high-performance in-memory data structures, ownership transfer mechanisms and RDMA offloading
 Deep Learning Computational Graph Engineer: What you will be working on: Compilation of deep learning model descriptions in multiple frameworks into efficient code for execution in a variety of environments Intermediate representations and APIs to allow new frameworks and environments to be defined Collaborating with or working directly on data science, compilers, cloud software, distributed systems, system software, QA, technical writing Making a variety of machine learning hardware platforms more efficient and easier to use Qualifications Who we are looking for: Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Ph.D. in Computer Science or Computer Engineering Comfortable manipulating representations of programs 5+ years developing commercial quality system software, e.g. compilers, debuggers, profilers Comfortable with one or more deep learning frameworks such as neon, TensorFlow, Caffe2, CNTK, or Torch • Strong programming skills in C++, familiarity with Python preferred • Experience with LLVM, HPC, MPI, distributed systems, MKL, MKL-DNN, CUDA, cuDNN, nervanaGPU is preferred Inside this Business Group Intel AI, leveraging Intel's world leading position in silicon innovation and proven history in creating the compute standards that power our world, is transforming Artificial Intelligence (AI) with the Intel AI products portfolio. Harnessing silicon designed specifically for AI, end to end solutions that broadly span from the data center to the edge, and tools that enable customers to quickly deploy and scale up, Intel AI is inside AI and leading the next evolution of compute. Other Locations US, California, San Diego; US, Oregon, Hillsboro; Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.
Data Scientist/Deep Learning Engineer: What you will be working on: Development and optimizations of state-of-the-art deep learning models using Deep Learning frameworks, covering computer vision, object detection and localization, speech recognition, natural language processing, reinforcement learning etc. Work with framework software developers to facilitate end-to-end optimization Distribute the model training and inference into multi-node systems, allowing scalable optimization and performance. Design and enable next generation deep learning systems. Development of deep learning algorithms to exploit novel distributed processor architectures. The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: Problem-solving skills Ability to multitask Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to work in a dynamic and team-oriented environment Qualifications You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. Master’s or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or any related fields (Statistics, Applied Math, or Computational Neuroscience) 1+ years of experience in the following area: Background in DL, ML algorithms and model development. Experience designing and developing professional software using Python, C++. Preferred Qualifications: Experience with model tuning and optimization through data science projects or data competitions Familiarity with DL, ML frameworks (eg. TensorFlow, Caffe, Neon, PyTorch etc.) Familiarity with details of implementing algorithms on multi-core CPUs, clusters (MPI), GPUs, heterogenous clusters, distributed frameworks (eg. GraphLab, Spark, Hadoop) Inside this Business Group Intel AI, leveraging Intel's world leading position in silicon innovation and proven history in creating the compute standards that power our world, is transforming Artificial Intelligence (AI) with the Intel AI products portfolio. Harnessing silicon designed specifically for AI, end to end solutions that broadly span from the data center to the edge, and tools that enable customers to quickly deploy and scale up, Intel AI is inside AI and leading the next evolution of compute. Other Locations US, California, San Diego; Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.
Deep Learning Compiler Engineer: We are now looking for a Deep Learning Compiler Engineer: NVIDIA is hiring software engineers for its GPU-accelerated Deep learning team. Academic and commercial groups around the world are using GPUs to power a revolution in deep learning, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing and artificial intelligence. Join the team which is building software which will be used by the entire deep learning research community. What you'll be doing: In this role, you will be responsible for developing highly optimized solutions for deep learning algorithms. You’ll collaborate with members of the open source deep learning software engineering community to define and implement the features needed to accelerate the next generation of deep learning software frameworks. The scope of these efforts ranges from defining public APIs, performance tuning and analysis, crafting and implementing compiler and optimization techniques for neural networks, and other general software engineering work. What we need to see: Masters or PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. 4 years of relevant work or research experience Ability to work independently, define project goals and scope, and lead your own development effort. Excellent C/C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design. Knowledge of CPU and/or GPU architecture. CUDA or OpenCL programming experience desired but not required Experience with the following technologies is a huge plus: deep learning models and algorithms, deep learning framework design, high performance compiler design, or EDA synthesis and optimization algorithms. Strong communication skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product oriented team. A history of mentoring junior engineers and interns is a bonus. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
 Teaching and Learning Specialist: Coursera is scaling a global platform to provide universal access to the world’s best education, and we’re motivated by the passion and mission to transform lives through learning. Our platform has reached over 30 million learners worldwide and we have partnered with 150+ elite universities around the globe with over 2,000 courses in our catalog. We offer Courses, Specializations, Certificates, and Degrees to meet the needs and goals of the diverse learners who come to Coursera. In 2016, Coursera began hosting accredited online Masters degrees provided by University partners, which provide a more convenient, lower-cost, “stackable” means of earning credentials identical to their traditional on-campus counterparts. We also launched Coursera for Business, partnering with enterprise companies around the world to provide access to curated skill development for their employees. The Teaching and Learning team at Coursera is a passionate group of educators and learning experts. Teaching & Learning Specialists work closely with professors and instructional design teams from top universities and industry partners around the globe, providing best practices, training, support, and guidance in creating transformational learning experiences. We aim to understand the factors that make online courses more successful for learners, optimize for a range of metrics - including enrollment, completion, learner satisfaction, and learning outcomes - and ultimately distill these into actionable insights to guide partners in their course design and production. We continuously drive and improve online pedagogy through research, feedback, and platform development. As a T&L; Specialist you are a pedagogy and instructional design expert working closely with our partners to transform traditional on-campus courses into engaging and effective online learning experiences. As their pedagogical consultant, you aid partner content creation teams in building their internal capacity as online educators and strategically designing and developing specific pieces of content as partners create learning experiences ranging in scope from individual courses to full accredited degree programs. Providing feedback and guidance before and after a course launches, you’ll ensure a high quality learning experience to achieve transformative outcomes for Coursera learners. Specifically as we grow our degrees business, you’ll be working with partners over multiple years to develop fully accredited online degrees. Outside of individual learning experiences, you will be on the cutting edge of online education research and practice, identifying and developing new online pedagogy, presenting at conferences, and sharing them with the extended Coursera community. Together, we will help create universal access to high- quality education, and make a profound difference to lives and societies around the world. You personally exhibit a conviction that the world needs Coursera to be wildly successful and alignment to our core values: Betterment: a tireless pursuit to drive results Boldness: take risks and act decisively Deep Honesty: invite and offer candid feedback in order to learn, change, and grow Solidarity: recognize that we are part of something bigger than ourselves and are committed to our mission Your Responsibilities: Develop new online teaching best practices and design strategies and materials for partners to implement these through their content creation process Collaborate with instructors and content creation teams to map out and develop high quality degree learning experiences - identifying, reviewing, and providing actionable feedback on all course components; designing solutions for high stakes assessments and scaled synchronous activities; and helping to build capacity for internal partner teams in the process Review learner success metrics and assess course quality through learner ratings, reviews, and behavior, developing actionable recommendations to aid partners in iterating on content Lead online teaching workshops with instructors and content creation teams on how to deliver great learning experiences for Coursera learners. Your Skills: 5+ years of relevant professional experience in teaching, online education, instructional design, or learning science; experience designing and developing full degree curriculums a plus A record of past achievement developing engaging and effective learning content Ability to speak as an accomplished thought-leader in the online teaching space to instructors and university and industry leaders Creative problem-solving abilities, excellent written and verbal communication , and strong interpersonal and operational skills Strong bias for action and ability to juggle multiple priorities in a fast-paced, dynamic, and cross-functional environment Ability to initiate, coordinate and manage numerous projects and schedules simultaneously Good analytical skills; the ability to synthesize information from various sources and conduct experimental research Content expertise in engineering, computer science, or analytics/data fields a plus If this opportunity interests you, you might like these courses on Coursera: Learning to Teach Online New Learnings: Principles and Patterns of Pedagogy
 Movidius Deep Learning Data Scientist: Senior Engineer Realtime Deep Learning We are looking for a Deep Learning expert to join our growing Movidius team within Intel's AI Product Group! In this role, you will: Build machine learning-based products/solutions, which provide descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, or prescriptive models based on data. Use or develop machine learning algorithms, such as supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, Bayesian analysis and others, to solve applied problems in various disciplines such as Data Analytics, Computer Vision, Robotics, etc. Complete programming, testing, debugging, documentation and/or deployment of the solution/products. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: MS or PhD in CS or a field related to Artificial Intelligence. 5+ years of industry experience with at least 2 years focused on Machine Learning / Deep Learning. Strong math background particularly in optimization theory and stochastic algorithms. Hands on experience with at least one of the following tools: Caffe, Torch, TensorFlow, Theano, or similar. Preferred Qualifications: Strong practical knowledge of state of the art real-time embedded deep learning techniques: - network design - compression - network sparsity - attention / selective execution Significant experience in Deep Learning with academic and industrial track record Good understanding of CNNs, RNNs, reinforcement learning, supervised and unsupervised learning. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong programming skills. Inside this Business Group Intel AI, leveraging Intel's world leading position in silicon innovation and proven history in creating the compute standards that power our world, is transforming Artificial Intelligence (AI) with the Intel AI products portfolio. Harnessing silicon designed specifically for AI, end to end solutions that broadly span from the data center to the edge, and tools that enable customers to quickly deploy and scale up, Intel AI is inside AI and leading the next evolution of compute. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.
 Data Scientist – Deep Learning: In this capacity, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating IoT. In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning and specifically deep learning algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers. Responsible for: Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3 IoT products across Energy, Healthcare, Retail, Finance, and other IoT applications. Designing and deploying deep learning algorithms on industrial IoT applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance. Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3 IoT and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements. Required Skills & Experience: MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields. Specialization in machine learning preferred. Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms & principles (regression analysis, time series, probabilistic models, supervised classification and unsupervised learning), and their application. Applied experience with Deep Learning algorithms such as Convolutional Neural Networks, Recurrent Neural Networks and LSTM. Familiarity with Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow and PyTorch, and strong experience in at least one of those Strong background in numerical optimization. Experience with at least one of the following: Machine learning (deep learning, large-scale optimization, probabilistic inference, etc.), Natural language processing: sequence segmentation, knowledge extraction, multi-modal learning, etc.), Computer vision (large scale image classification, detection, segmentation, OCR, face recognition, etc.), and Reinforcement learning. Excellent programming skills in JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus. Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference Excellent verbal and written communication C3 IoT is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status. Please let us know if you have a disability that requires an accommodation.
 Deep Learning Chief Architect: As the Deep Learning Chief Architect you will be directing the AI team in USA/Shanghai/Taiwan. You will be responsible for the technical planning of AI field for the mobile terminal chipset platform to improve in whole, the AI team's capabilities. You will guide the team to carry out the design and the implementation of algorithm for AI to ensure a leadership position of chipsets and solutions in the AI space. Requirements: Profound understanding and insight in the field of AI Profound knowledge of AI technology Be a project technical leader with project practical experience Experience leading team to complete the delivery of AI products Good leadership and research capabilities Experience leading a multinational team for AI mobile chipsets and solutions to delivery
Deep Learning IQ Engineer: We are now looking for a Deep Learning & Computer Vision Image Quality Engineer: NVIDIA is the world leader in the artificial intelligence revolution. Our technology enables self-driving cars, artificially intelligent cities, and robotics. For all of these applications images and video are key inputs to the networks and algorithms, however the interaction between image quality and AI performance remains poorly understood. We are looking for a machine learning expert with a passion for photography to join us in exploring the interface between these fields, both by improving deep learning accuracy through image quality tuning and by applying deep learning techniques to improve image quality. You have experience applying deep learning to solve computer vision problems. This role is hands on, so a strong engineering sense and a methodical approach are critical. Experience developing production code and apps that offer creative image processing and/or computational photography usages is a huge plus. What you’ll be doing: You'll prototype and develop deep learning driven computer vision/imaging algorithms You'll use developments made in other groups such as the research and automotive teams Develop tools to assist with algorithm development, algorithm testing, and image quality evaluation and validation, etc. Familiarity with video or still cameras, and tools like Photoshop or Final cut etc. What we need to see: Advanced degree (MS or PhD) with a focus on Digital Imaging, Image Quality, Machine Learning and Optimization; or equivalent relevant experience. 3 years of relevant work experience Expertise in image processing, image-quality evaluation, deep learning and data-driven non-linear optimization and/or related techniques Strong understanding of color science and digital camera image processing pipelines are a plus Familiarity with one or more neural network frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow or Caffe Candidates with strong Python/C/C++ skills preferred Consistent track record of academic or industrial research, with an emphasis on solving real-world problems. Programming experience on/with Android, Linux platforms are a plus. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
Manager, Teaching and Learning: Coursera is scaling a global platform to provide universal access to the world’s best education, and we’re motivated by the passion and mission to transform lives through learning. Our platform has reached over 30 million learners worldwide and we have partnered with 150+ elite universities around the globe with over 2,000 courses in our catalog. We offer Courses, Specializations, Certificates, and Degrees to meet the needs and goals of the diverse learners who come to Coursera. In 2016, Coursera began hosting accredited online Masters degrees provided by University partners, which provide a more convenient, lower-cost, “stackable” means of earning credentials identical to their traditional on-campus counterparts. We also launched Coursera for Business, partnering with enterprise companies around the world to provide access to curated skill development for their employees. Coursera is seeking an experienced leader for our growing Teaching & Learning team. T&L is responsible for enabling and empowering our partners to develop high quality learning through pedagogy research, interactive training, and consultative feedback. We aim to understand factors that are crucial to successful learning experiences and outcomes. We develop actionable insights and best practices to guide partners in course design, content production process, and ongoing content improvement. We listen to partner needs and work with course teams to develop and deliver customized trainings. We provide targeted advice to guide partners in leveraging Coursera platform and tools for effective course design and delivery. As manager of Teaching & Learning, you will develop a long-term vision and strategy for the team. You will guide a team of Specialists, Instructional Designers, and Solutions Engineers to conduct research, create best practices, deliver targeted trainings, and provide content design consultations for partner teams, empowering them to develop high quality learning for all of Coursera’s learners. You will partner with Product and Engineering to incorporate pedagogy insights into core platform and tooling development. You will report to VP of Services. You personally exhibit a conviction that the world needs Coursera to be wildly successful and alignment to our core values: Betterment: a tireless pursuit to drive results Boldness: take risks and act decisively Deep Honesty: invite and offer candid feedback in order to learn, change, and grow Solidarity: recognize that we are part of something bigger than ourselves and are committed to our mission Responsibilities: Inspire and guide research of pedagogy and instructional design best practices, create library of data-driven and empirical insights critical to high quality learning experience and learner engagement Develop long-term team vision and strategy; oversee creation and execution of quarterly team goals Work with the team to create effective partner training strategy (in person and online) and processes Represent T &L expertise in internal cross-functional and external settings, make sound decisions on content design, project scoping, and team allocation Manage a team of high calibre individuals and support their professional growth Identify staffing needs on team and hire strong talents Skills: 8+ years of professional experience in instructional design, learning and development, or higher education. Strong understanding of learning science, adult learning theory and educational psychology is preferred. Experience working with external clients or partners; ability to build trust and influence Experienced people manager with strong track record of leading team and developing individuals Deep understanding of online education content design, familiarity with tools and platforms Exceptional analytical, strategic, and problem-solving skills Ability and experience working in cross-functional teams and a track record of taking initiative in ambiguous and dynamic environments Incredible perseverance and drive, manifested in a strong work ethic and a willingness to roll up your sleeves and do whatever needs to be done
Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Vision Team – Deep Learning Engineer: About Zenuity- Making it Real We are breaking new ground with world-class driver-assistance and autonomous- driving technologies. To meet the automotive industry’s requirements, we are developing a software in a fashion and context that hasn’t been done before. With robustness, speed to market and a flexible approach we are changing the way the world looks at mobility, infrastructure and everyday life for people worldwide. We work on interesting technical challenges using cutting edge technologies in a high performance, agile organization with an innovative environment & high level of autonomy, putting you in the driver’s seat. We have a team-based structure with professional management & continuous development, where you will be exposed to many areas within Autonomous Driving, maximizing development opportunities. WHY JOIN? We work on interesting technical challenges using cutting edge technologies in a high performance, fully agile organization with an innovative environment & high level of autonomy, putting you in the driver’s seat. We have a team-based structure with professional management & continuous development, where you will be exposed to many areas within Autonomous Driving, maximizing development opportunities. WHAT YOU WILL DO Our Vision Team is looking for a Deep Learning Engineer. This role is responsible for evaluating state of the art Deep Learning research, developments and various Deep Neural Network architectures while measuring performance using pre-recorded Zenuity video data. You will use agile processes, C++ and Python language to develop inference engines for Object Detection and Classification. In this role, you will work in modern simulation environments and have direct access to test vehicles to rapidly experience your results first-hand. At Zenuity we work on self-guided cross-functional teams and interface globally where you will help make decisions. MUST-HAVE SKILLS A Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or Science with 5+ years of relevant experiance is required, but a Master’s or PhD is perferred. You must have a strong background and prior experience developing Deep Neural Network models, using Caffe, TensorFlow, Theano, Darknet, etc. The role requires you to have excellent C++/Python programming experience and be comfortable working in a Linux environment. EXTRA SKILLS Beneficial skills and experience include; Image Processing experience in the automotive industry (ADAS, AD), NVIDIA/CUDA experience, experience in requirements/user story development, unit testing, and software integration. Additionally, experience with robotics, ROS, and/or UAVs is beneficial. BENEFITS Full medical/dental/vision 401(k) and Gain Sharing with company matching funds Vacation, Personal, Generous Holidays, College Savings, Car Allowance Program PERKS: New Car Allowance Flexible working hours & work-life balance Dynamic work environment & attractive and flexible work spaces With the skillset and mindset described you have the chance to make self driving cars a reality as an engineer at our site in Detroit. We are really excited to welcome candidates with these skills so don't hesitate to take the chance of a lifetime! _Interviews are held on a continuous basis, so we highly recommend that you submit your application at your earliest convenience._
Global Social Content Lead: Global Social Content Lead At Chevrolet, we have an opening for a content marketing specialist.Global Social Content Lead will function as a key member of the GlobalChevrolet Content Marketing team, by helping with our brand building efforts toinform the overarching social content strategy, lead planned global contentcreation and coordinate with markets to implement multi-platform contentstrategies for Chevrolet. For this role, we need someone with a broad understanding of all majormarketing communication disciplines with a specialization in content and socialmedia marketing across paid, owned and earned media. This individual will bepassionate about sparking connections between people and content in addition tobeing dedicated to maintaining the integrity of content throughout productionand implementation. The ideal candidate must be able to recognize businesschallenges while showcasing the ability to transform business objectives andany data into content experience across social and media-led platforms. To be successful in this role, you will partner with agency partners and otherteam members to create amazing content that attributes to building positiveopinion of the Chevrolet brand. The Global Social ContentLead will get to know the Chevrolet audiences and the Chevrolet brandin depth, and work to develop content experiences, themes and stories to guideand shape the creative work and content plans. Major Duties and Responsibilities: Take an audience-first approach ideating and executing brandsocial content strategies that drive short and long-term business goals forChevrolet markets Help shape a positive, productive and results-oriented socialcontent series’ for our consumers Perform detailed content audits and gap analysis to inform globalcontent strategies and recommendations for improvement Support with marketcoordination and the adoption of Opal social content planning tool for globalsocial content Help evangelize Opal to marketsand support them with the development of a holistic, insights driven socialcontent strategy inclusive of global social content Work collaboratively with other team members, partner agencies, GMdepartments, and markets during all phases of content development andgovernance, and drive for successful execution Ensure all creative content is on-brand, consistent in style andtone of voice, and optimized for search for all digital content channels,including mobile, web, social media, email, video, etc. Participate with socialplatform partners to execute big creative ideas that drives innovative,measureable and “first” content plays at scale for our markets Act as project manager toset up and lead meetings/global calls with markets managing content creationprocess, risk factors, timelines and key tasks Work closely with agencieson day-to-day tasks Work closely with global markets to gain local insights,align global and local calendars, and ensuring local campaign contentextensions are executed to support global campaigns Collect and monitormonthly global market performance of brand content and asset adoption Manage overall governanceprocess: o Brand guidelines o Integrate Opal/socialmedia guidelines/tone and voice into process to insure markets are integratingthese practices into content strategies Skills and Abilities: 7+ years of social media / content marketing You are a content strategist with a proven record of driving brandcontent strategies and experiences across multiple platforms including web,mobile, apps, social media and beyond. You are able to excel at high-level conceptual strategy work andget your hands dirty to implement the nitty-gritty of content marketing implementation You are knowledgeable about owned-channel content, and also versedin social, earned and paid content trends. You have experience working in close partnership acrossdisciplines to develop content and content strategies whose performance can bequantified. You have experience measuring content’s success, and can shareinsights and analysis with management to inform long-term planning. You have experience developing content governance and operationalmodels for large multi-location organizations. You have a passion for storytelling and the proven know-how tobring brand stories to life across multiple platforms. You’re a team player, but you also have a deep understanding ofhow to independently and creatively resolve complex issues and requests. You are passionate about learning and adapting to technology andtrends. You are action oriented You are comfortable working with ambiguity Education: BA degree in Marketing, Public Relations, Communication, Business, or related field; or equivalent experience
 Account Executive: As a company, Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We empower our own people to achieve more and make a difference in the world. Join us and lead transformational impact with our top customers. The Account Executive at Microsoft serves as the face of Microsoft leading our most valued customers into the digital age. This role is vital to Microsoft’s competitive ambitions. Traditional sales engagement methods have evolved and customers are seeking consultative partnerships, not vendor, customer relationships. Armed with world class cloud solutions, your role is to unlock the potential of enterprise customers by demonstrating clear business value accelerating their digital transition and success. High level customer satisfaction is a key measure, as are revenue/consumption targets. The most successful Account Executives are ultra-resourceful, master orchestrators of virtual teams, and exceptionally curious to listen and learn from their customers. These attributes allow them to advise confidently and elevate their customer’s business. This role offers incredible opportunity to accelerate your career by driving business impact that can change the future. Be a part of a transformative, learning culture that drives innovation. It has never been a better time join Microsoft and see up close the digital revolution. Responsibilities Leadership Plan and present clear vision of customer success Build and own holistic customer plan detailing critical insights and new business opportunities. Critical that plan is made to evolve and continually vetted ensuring stated objectives. Strive for bold ambition and challenge convention. Build coalition of support at C-level both inside Microsoft and with customer. Define digital success and path to attain. Develop and lead team centric approach with extended teams. Direct clear opportunity ownership among virtual account team. Increase technical and industry acumen delivering innovative ideas to accelerate customer success in the cloud. Execution Laser focus on business outcomes that propel customer satisfaction Consistent, repeatable achievement of revenue and consumption targets through disciplined pipeline, forecast management. Leverage and usage of key business insights to elevate customer conversation and action. World class customer service through alignment of customer objectives and plan to achieve. Deliver tangible solutions to customers solving for greater efficiencies, cost savings, and deep regard for Microsoft partnership. Qualifications Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Strong growth mindset. Seeks to solve for difficult customer challenges. Proven ability to lead, build trust and be highly credible across levels of organizations. A strong sales and business background, with 2+ years of technology-related experience Knowledge within Industry and ability to make confident recommendations at C-level, business decision makers. A Bachelor’s degree with exposure to Information Technology (or equivalent) is required; MBA is preferred. Profile Capabilities & Behaviors Required Sales Achiever – Achieve results by understanding digital transformation drivers and customer priorities. Identify new opportunities and help customers accelerate their move to the digital age for their own benefit as well as their customers. Digital Transformation Driver – Anticipate market changes to drive industry-relevant solutions to customers, influencing BDMs and ITDMs, building trust with stakeholders and translating Microsoft solutions into business impact and outcomes that accelerate the customer’s digital transformation Sales Challenger – Continuously build industry and technical knowledge. Bring innovative industry solutions, benchmarks and references to C-level executives that drive greater efficiencies, optimization and increase customer satisfaction Deal Orchestrator – Orchestrate virtual selling team and all Microsoft resources maximizing revenue opportunity. Lead and drive entire sales cycle and leveraging repeatable offerings to accelerate and win deals Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 KIND Brand Ambassador - Detroit: Job Description: Position: KIND Brand Ambassador Who are we? Since its founding in 2004, KIND has been on a mission to make the world a little kinder one snack and one act at a time. KIND was born out of its founder’s desire to create a snack that was healthy and tasty, wholesome and convenient. What began as a line of premium Fruit & Nut bars sparked the creation of an entirely new healthier snacking category. Today, KIND has a family of snacks that offer solutions for a variety of different occasions. We love making snacks that delight people’s taste buds and fuel their bodies, and we also love inspiring kindness in communities everywhere. As a not-only- for-profit company, we’ve always believed that there’s more to business than just profit. We’re looking for passionate collaborators to help us become the foremost leader in health & wellness and positively impact society along the way. If you’re looking to be a part of an inspiring, energetic and entrepreneurial environment, you’ve found the right place. What you’ll do As a KIND Brand Ambassador (KBA)you will be the face of the brand at various field events, including key strategic partner events, opportunistic samplings, and retail activations. In this role, you will largely be responsible for the sampling efforts of the Field Marketing team. This is how you will do it… Retail Activations Coordinate in - store demos with store managers and demo coordinators on schedules, product levels and demo guidelines. Create a unique customer experience to increase brand awareness and build customer loyalty, and ultimately drive in-store sales. Capture demo results by timely reporting on all pertinent information into the tracking system including gathering important insights and consumer feedback to present to KIND Headquarters. Represent all KIND product lines across the entire portfolio, with a strong understanding of nutrition and key functions and benefits of ingredients. Maintain relationships with existing sales accounts through POS placement and store merchandising and other retail activations. Marketing Events Support marketing events relevant to the brand and to the region. You’ll be responsible for partnering with like-minded companies in your region. Participate in strategic coordinate and execution of sampling initiatives, reaching consumers where they live, play and shop. Build & Maintain Relationships Seed and develop new relationships with market influencers, ultimately leading to increased brand visibility. Communicate success stories, key learnings, and other activities to your Field Marketing Team Lead. Amplify KIND initiatives through personal network and social media support. Engage and educate consumers through mobile occasion sampling. Spread Kindness Do unexpected acts of kindness for others. Required Experience: What you’ll bring to KIND A background in customer service, which has strengthened your skills to provide a stellar customer experience. An energetic and entrepreneurial spirit. Deep understanding of what it takes to execute a successful event. You are… Down to earth, fun and have a "work hard, play hard" mentality. An executor of account based marketing strategies that align to revenue goals. Naturally outgoing and internally motivated in your personal and professional efforts. A relationship builder, excited by the opportunity to partner with our customers and consumers. A results oriented self-starter. Able to maintain direction and focus by leveraging organizational abilities and proactive planning. A multi-tasker with the ability to prioritize competing tasks. Genuine in your desire to help make the world a kinder place, committing to always spreading and celebrating kindness. Willing to regularly work early mornings, evenings, and weekends based on company needs. You have… 2 years of relevant experience in events, promotions, media or consumer products marketing. The ability and willingness to transport KIND supplies in personal vehicle when needed. The ability to positively engage the public, representing the brand in a highly positive manner. An existing network of relevant contacts, specifically within active lifestyle, culture and business. An understanding of both marketing & sales fundamentals. A deep-rooted understanding of the relevant marketing and surrounding area. Mastered the ability to work autonomously and collaboratively. Access to a computer for reporting sampling results, and are well versed in Microsoft PowerPoint & Excel. Access to a personal smart phone for schedule updates, photo capturing, and emails. The ability to lift heavy items including tents, tables, and boxes up to 50 lbs. The ability to be in contact with and handle food products that contain nuts or food products made in a facility that processes nuts. Pluses A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience What KIND offers Casual dress code - wear your KIND gear A dynamic, ambitious, fun and KIND environment The opportunity and responsibility to be KIND everyday EEO At KIND, we are committed to an inclusive workplace where diversity in all its forms is championed. KIND is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and we are an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require special accommodation, please let us know. Keyword: Detroit KBA From: KIND
 KIND Brand Ambassador - Mobile Team Captain - Detroit: Job Description: Who are we? Since its founding in 2004, KIND has been on a mission to make the world a little kinder one snack and one act at a time. KIND was born out of its founder’s desire to create a snack that was healthy and tasty, wholesome and convenient. What began as a line of premium Fruit & Nut bars sparked the creation of an entirely new healthier snacking category. Today, KIND has a family of snacks that offer solutions for a variety of different occasions. From the healthy snacks, we make to the way we work, live and give back, we are committed to making the world a little kinder, because we believe that there’s more to business than just profit. We're looking for passionate, conscious collaborators to help us meet our goals: to inspire kindness, with one tasty snack (and good act) at a time. If you’re looking to be a part of an inspiring, energetic and entrepreneurial environment, you found the right place. What you’ll do As a KIND Brand Ambassador - Mobile Team Captain (KBA) you will be the face of the brand at various field marketing events and sampling activations, including key events, opportunistic samplings, and retail support. In this role, you will largely be responsible for the mobile sampling efforts of the Field Marketing team, and be part of a group of ambassadors occasionally relied upon and responsible for driving the KIND vehicle. This is how you will do it… Retail Activations Coordinate in - store demos with store managers and demo coordinators on schedules, product levels and demo guidelines. Create a unique customer experience to increase brand awareness and build customer loyalty, and ultimately drive in-store sales. Capture demo results by timely reporting on all pertinent information into the tracking system including gathering important insights and consumer feedback to present to KIND Headquarters. Represent all KIND product lines across the entire portfolio, with a strong understanding of nutrition and key functions and benefits of ingredients. Maintain relationships with existing sales accounts through POS placement and store merchandising and other retail activations. Marketing Events Support marketing events relevant to the brand and to the region. You’ll be responsible for partnering with like-minded companies in your region. Participate in strategic coordination and execution of sampling initiatives, reaching consumers where they live, play and shop. Build & Maintain Relationships Seed and develop new relationships with market influencers, ultimately leading to increased brand visibility. Communicate success stories, key learnings, and other activities to your Field Marketing Team Lead. Amplify KIND initiatives through personal network and social media support. Engage and educate consumers through mobile occasion sampling. Spread Kindness Do unexpected acts of kindness for others. Required Experience: What you’ll bring to KIND A background in customer service, which has strengthened your skills to provide a stellar customer experience. An energetic and entrepreneurial spirit. Deep understanding of what it takes to execute a successful event. You are… Down to earth, fun and have a 'work hard, play hard' mentality. An executor of account based marketing strategies that align to revenue goals. Naturally outgoing and internally motivated in your personal and professional efforts. A relationship builder, excited by the opportunity to partner with our customers and consumers. A results oriented self-starter. Able to maintain direction and focus by leveraging organizational abilities and proactive planning. A multi-tasker with the ability to prioritize competing tasks. Genuine in your desire to help make the world a kinder place, committing to always spreading and celebrating kindness. Willing to regularly work early mornings, evenings, and weekends based on company needs. You have… 2 years of relevant experience in events, promotions, media or consumer products marketing. Reliable transportation and a valid driver’s license with a clean driving record. The ability and willingness to transport KIND supplies in personal vehicle when needed. Celebrated your 21st birthday (requirement for our driver’s insurance for the KIND Jeep) and comfortable driving KIND vehicle in heavy traffic and city centers The ability to positively engage the public, representing the brand in a highly positive manner. An existing network of relevant contacts, specifically within active lifestyle, culture and business. An understanding of both marketing & sales fundamentals. A deep-rooted understanding of the relevant marketing and surrounding area. Mastered the ability to work autonomously and collaboratively. Access to a computer for reporting sampling results, and are well versed in Microsoft PowerPoint & Excel. Access to a personal smart phone for schedule updates, photo capturing, and emails. The ability to lift heavy items including tents, tables, and boxes up to 50 lbs. The ability to be in contact with and handle food products that contain nuts or food products made in a facility that processes nuts. Pluses A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience. What KIND offers Casual dress code - wear your KIND gear. A dynamic, ambitious, fun and KIND environment. The opportunity and responsibility to be KIND every day. EEO At KIND, we are committed to an inclusive workplace where diversity in all its forms is championed. KIND is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and we are an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require special accommodation, please let us know. Keyword: KBA Mobile Team Captin From: KIND
 Entry Level Designer I, Architecture: AECOM is actively seeking a highly motivated Entry-Level Architectural Designer for employment in the Southfield, MI office. AECOM is pleased to include you in a unique development opportunity, the Graduate Development Program (GDP). This program is designed to support your assimilation into the organization and assist with creating a foundation of knowledge for a successful career at AECOM. You will gain experience in your discipline through learning on the job and participate in development opportunities during the program, including access to AECOM's social media resources, group mentoring, and professional networking. The program also has learning activities that will be available to you, including webinars and online programs. Imagine working on rewarding projects within a diverse culture, and having access to exceptional training and career development opportunities. Working at AECOM means being part of a global team, working with award-winning professionals across the world. Aspire to be a key player on some of the best projects regionally, with opportunities to work on projects nationally or internationally. Our people bring deep industry knowledge to help you succeed. The responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to: \+ Assist in preparation of designs, quantity calculations, sketches, diagrams, schematic drawings, and final working drawings \+ Use computer software as a tool for solving basic architectural problems \+ Maintain conformance with building standards, established architectural practices, and applicable building codes \+ Work under supervision of a project manager or senior-level team member Minimum Requirements \+ Master’s degree in Architecture or other related field required \+ Presentation rendering skills Preferred Qualifications \+ Entry-level proficiency with BIM-Revit, Rhino, AutoCAD, or other related CADD software. \+ Proficiency with 3DMax and Photoshop. \+ Entry-level proficiency in the use of computers for making architectural drawings, calculations and 3D visual simulations What We Offer AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects worldwide. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow. AECOM is an equal opportunity employer and Minorities, Females, Veterans, and Disabled persons are encouraged to apply. For further information, please click here to view the EEO Is The Law poster. _NOTICE TO THIRD PARTY AGENCIES: _ _Please note that AECOM does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Recruitment Fee Agreement, AECOM will not consider or agree to payment of any referral compensation or recruiter fee. In the event a recruiter or agency submits a resume or candidate without a previously signed agreement, AECOM explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire those candidate(s) without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of AECOM.
 K-12 Customer Service Director: The Learning House, Inc. helps people improve their lives through education. As an Academic Program Manager, we offer a full suite of education services, including: Online Program Management (OPM), Corporate Solutions, The Software Guild, Learning House International, and Advancement Courses. Built on a foundation of data-driven decision-making, thorough market research, and robust technology services, Learning House is focused on delivering high- quality, relevant just-in-time education services to meet the needs of a dynamic, global market. Through its partnerships, Learning House helps universities acquire more students, produce more graduates, and deliver better outcomes and helps companies attract, develop, and retain a happier, more skilled workforce. General Purpose: Advancement Courses' mission is to keep transformative K-12 education professionals eagerly in our schools. We do this by listening to, and amplifying, our learners' motivations, perspectives, and voices. We help our learners to accelerate growth from achieving day-to-day victories, to helping them focus on conquering the year, to helping them focus on conquering their own personal mission for the dent they aspire to leave on the K-12 system. Advancement Courses supports this long-term growth by focusing our influence towards the root challenges that educators identify as core, redirecting "flavor of the month" trends towards systemic long-term improvement that they define as worthwhile. Educators are heroes who work in concert with many others to improve students' lives through education. We encourage and support meaningful and productive communities that can work together to solve the root issues impacting student outcomes. Role Qualifications: Master's degree in education or education-related field preferred Minimum of 5 years of leadership experience, preferably in education Experience in K-12 industry Position Responsibilities: Management of team: Proactively supports the individual and team development Generate a professional development plan to implement K-12 specific inside sales strategies Share expertise, convention, and information about ways to connect with our target teacher customer base through a call center Translate call center metrics and feedback into actionable "voice of the customer" recommendations and datasets Develop innovative ways to improve and promote professional development courses, and guide teachers through the purchase and approval processes Contribute to root-cause analysis of important issues around customer inquiries Analyze trends in customer contacts and implement proactive solutions for frequent issues Deliver rapid and measurable improvement in service levels to teachers and internal customers Essential Skills and Experience: Deep knowledge of K-12 education, experience supporting teachers Experience leading inside sales teams Excellent communication skills - verbal and written Able to lead in a changing environment Works with a good degree of autonomy Issue Resolution Management - A proven troubleshooter, with the ability to deal effectively on any given problem, identifying possible solutions Social Media awareness Understanding of the product development cycle Experience of managing people and working at a Senior level across the business Understanding of systems, process development and systems integration Physical Requirements and Work Environment: The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here represent those that the employee must meet to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable an individual with a disability to perform the essential functions: _Physical Demands:_ While performing the duties of the job, the employee is occasionally required to sit and stand. _Work Environment:_ This job is performed in a general office environment with standard office equipment available. Work is generally sedentary in nature, but may require standing and walking. The working environment is generally favorable. Lighting and temperature are adequate, and there are no hazardous or unpleasant conditions caused by noise, dust, etc.
 Manager, System Partnerships: Manager, System Partnerships Location: Detroit, Michigan (preferred) or Cleveland, Ohio Available: Immediately WHO WE ARE Achievement Network (ANet) is a nonprofit dedicated to educational equity. We help schools boost student learning with great teaching that’s grounded in standards, informed by data, and built on the successful practices of educators around the country. Founded in 2005, ANet now serves over 700 schools educating over 230,000 students across the country. Our support has consistently helped our partner schools—both district and charter—achieve breakthrough results for their students. ANet has received multiple awards and recognitions, most recently receiving the highest ratings (Tier 1) on our math and ELA formative assessments from the Louisiana Department of Education, the only organization to receive such high marks. We were also named to The NonProfit Time’s “Best Nonprofits to Work For” and in the 2018-19 school year will be launching the Breakthrough Results Fund, a four-year collaboration to prove what’s possible in instructional improvement. ANet is a dynamic, values driven, team-oriented organization that is committed to the growth and development of all staff members. Individuals who join ANet have the opportunity to join an exceptional team of colleagues committed to helping schools drive excellent teaching and learning by investing in each other and learning together. THE OPPORTUNITY The Central East Region consists of partnerships primarily in Michigan and Ohio with a growing presence in Indiana, serving both district and charter schools and systems. With an ambitious growth plan, ANet is committed to advancing equity in this region and helping to raise the bar on teaching and learning across these states. We are seeking a full-time Manager, System Partnerships. The Manager will have multiple responsibilities in supporting the service leads across the region. The Manager will support the local network director in coordinating with the districts and work closely across internal ANet teams to support strong execution of our district partnerships. The Manager will be ultimately responsible for managing and executing on a system-wide implementation plan leading to effective internal and external communication, logistical support in partnership with the district project managers and stakeholders, tight coordination and alignment with the district, and overall smooth implementation. The Manager will report to the Vice President of the Central East Region. The ideal candidate would bring direct experience working in and alongside schools and/or district leadership teams, as well as excellent project management skills and comfort in leveraging data to achieve strong outcomes. This person will need to be highly organized, detail-oriented, entrepreneurial and motivated by having ownership over logistics and execution of work in support of our system partners. District partnership support: Project manage district partnerships across the region towards positive outcomes and impact Coordinating clear communications and effective implementation plans with district partners; manage internal team and influence district partners towards deadlines and goals Map implications of decisions across systems and across larger network teams in tight partnership with network lead and network associates Succinctly tee up and make recommendations to executive directors and network leaders on key decisions and trade-offs at critical moments based on deep analysis, district context, and consultation with internal teams Manage the day to day implementation of the system service with expert project management and communication skills and acute awareness of the myriad of stakeholders, predicting conflicts and proactively troubleshooting towards solutions. This could include planning and executing ongoing internal/external huddles, liaising with different district departments, and serving as the general point of contact for our district partners. Work with ANet’s Program Operations Team and partner systems/schools to coordinate logistics for the effective administration of interim assessments – a critical component of our model Communicate clearly and facilitate towards outcomes in formal and informal settings with district contacts, such as presenting key project information to multiple stakeholders, headlining assessment data to highlight instructional takeaways, and connecting across district teams to clarify and enforce complex messages. This may include writing simple, clear messages that district partners can use to communicate within a system and to their schools. Partner with Business Development team to understand procurement and reporting requirements for our district partners and support efforts to ensure timely and full payment for our services Event Management Organize and communicate all details for professional learning events related to our district partnerships, including but not limited to securing contracts for presenters and space, preparing materials, setting up event space, and other details to create outstanding events, with support as needed from local Network Associate and national Event Management team. Coordinating clear communications and effective implementation plans specific to district events; manage internal team and influence district partners towards deadlines and goals As needed, serve as facilitator for professional learning experiences for systems, leaders, and teachers Serve as Professional Learning liaison for regional teams, owning network/region’s core model professional learning strategy and the ongoing management for executing strong professional learning engagements, working with own team and professional learning team to create an annual plan, owning project/team management for professional learning events (includes supporting team to internalize, customize, and prepare for facilitation of content), plans for and leads team in debriefing after events. partners with network associate on logistics, and attends regular liaison calls to share what’s working and problem solve about challenges Data Management and Insights Support a data-driven team culture through data collection, tracking, and reporting as it relates to relevant system partnership data: regional events, practice tracking, partnership strength surveys, and assessment administration Track program against outcomes and a strong project plan, synthesizing projects for stakeholders, teeing up decisions and timelines, flagging challenges, and elevating bright spots Manage the execution of our partnership strength surveys as it pertains to unique needs within the district context Work with ANet’s Program Operations Team and partner systems to deliver requested ANet data back to the district (interim, practice tracking, partnership strength survey data) WHO YOU ARE & WHAT YOU BRING In order to be successful in this role, candidates must demonstrate the following: You believe in ANet’s mission and share our passion for increasing opportunities for children in underserved communities while operating with a sense of urgency in the support of schools You are committed to living out ANet’s Core Values daily and are open to examining personal archetypes and bias and discussing topics related to race, class, and privilege which relate to our Advance Equity and People Matter values You bring direct experience working in and alongside schools and district leadership teams, as well as excellent project management skills and comfort in leveraging data to achieve strong outcomes. You sweat the small stuff and bring exceptional attention to detail to everything you do You have managed complex projects in the past and are skilled in managing multiple tasks, actions, and people simultaneously You know how to quickly build relationships, understand context, and gain trust internally and externally You are an exceptional communicator and know how to get creative in order to get a message across to both internal and external stakeholders You get excited about supporting others to do their best work and consistently go above and beyond in meeting the needs of your team and external partners You enjoy digging into data with an analytical eye to determine the story that it’s telling you, and headline that data for others in a way that inspires action You are flexible and when things don’t go as planned, you proactively problem-solve to seek out new solutions and opportunities You are your happiest and most successful in entrepreneurial, collaborative, and fast-paced environments You are eager to learn and proactively seek out feedback and opportunities for your professional growth Ideal candidates may also demonstrate the following preferred qualifications: You have prior experience using tools such as Cvent, Tableau, Excel and Salesforce You have prior experience in classroom instruction or with facilitating academic content WHAT WE OFFER ANet offers highly competitive compensation based on prior experience and qualifications as well as comprehensive benefits in order to best support our people. Benefits we offer include: health, dental and vision insurance where ANet pays 80% of the cost of these benefits for employees and their families/domestic partner; 3 weeks of vacation (4 weeks after two years with ANet); 10 paid holidays with paid days off between the Christmas and New Year’s holidays; a paid floating holiday; paid sick & personal days; paid parental leave; retirement plan options; commuter benefits; tuition reimbursement; flexible spending accounts; short and long-term disability coverage; and basic life and personal accident insurance. HOW TO APPLY We are now accepting applications for this position, which will be reviewed on a rolling basis. To apply, please click on the blue “Apply” button. You will then be prompted to complete a brief application and upload a resume and thoughtful cover letter in which you outline why you are interested in working for ANet and how your skills and experience meet the qualifications of the position. ANet is committed to maximizing the diversity of our organization. We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage individuals of all ethnic and racial backgrounds and gender identities to apply to our positions.
 Software Trainer: As a Software Trainer at Ambassador you will be the technical point of contact for our clients. Much like an Account Manager, your job will be heavily based on providing our customers with Ambassador level customer service. More importantly, our Software Trainers act as a first point of contact to our clients explaining the functionality of our software and all the integrations we offer. In the 1st Month you will… Take a deep dive into our software, learning all the many intricacies of our product. Get your first taste of customer service by answering client questions related to our software via email, telephone or through our ticket system. Through a series of mock calls with your fellow Diplomats you will hone your skills by conducting client communications. Sharpen your skills in Month 2 by... Continuing to answer client questions via email, telephone or through our ticket system perfecting your skills as a Success Diplomat. Learn our product further and the special technicalities that come with onboarding a client. Champion existing accounts through reviews, campaign optimization, minimizing churn, and fostering an exceptional client experience. Execute in Month 3 by... Taking ownership and accountability for new client accounts. Successfully onboard clients and guide them on how to use Ambassador’s software in order to reach their campaign goals. Consistently meet assigned or planned campaign based milestones. Maintain expert level knowledge on the Ambassador platform, key client needs, and industry trends. Desired Skills & Experience Bachelors Degree Minimum of 3 years experience in customer success, pre-sales or software consulting/implementation Strong understanding of programming Work experience for a software/technology solution provider Experience owning client relationships and becoming a trusted advisor General experience using business web applications (Salesforce.com, join.me, desk.com, etc) Excellent written and oral communication skills Extreme attention to detail, organized, and process focused Excited to work in a startup environment Patient, Positive, and Motivating
 Sales Consultant - Gaming, Ent, DI: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Assistant Dean: Oversee the incoming Year I Learning Community assignments Divide the class into Learning Communities. Oversee Year I Orientation programming. Oversee Year I Orientation purchases (T-shirts, binders, etc.). Oversee the Year I Mentoring Program Assign the Year I faculty mentors. Recruit faculty mentors annually. Recruit Year II student mentors annually. Oversee planning of the annual Year I Mentoring Orientation (Fall). Facilitate Fall and Spring on-campus Mentoring Lunches. Unique Duties Provide Oversight for two WWMD Learning Communities. Assist with the Medical Student Performance Evaluation (MSPE) Process; Assist with Match Day, and Commencement. Qualifications An MD from an accredited college or university. A minimum of 5 years' experience with medical students as a mentor and student advisor. Preferred Qualifications Possess the knowledge, skills, and possess the professional attitude necessary to fulfill the tasks outlined in the job description for a diverse and complex student body. Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Wayne State is a premier, public, urban research university located in the heart of Detroit where students from all backgrounds are offered a rich, high quality education. Our deep rooted commitment to excellence, collaboration, integrity, diversity, and inclusion creates exceptional educational opportunities preparing students for success in a diverse, global society. WSU encourages applications from women, people of color, and other under represented people. Wayne State is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Job Type Full or Fractional Time Job Category Academic Administration Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 06-08-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: Represented Position Message
Senior Creative Strategist: Job Description: COMPANY/JOB OVERVIEW Gongos, Inc. is a decision intelligence company that sits at the forefront of gathering, analyzing and socializing customer-minded information for Global 1000 organizations. Gongos focuses on helping organizations make better business decisions by ensuring that their employees have deep knowledge on their customers, markets and strategies for reaching them. We’re seeking an experienced and multidisciplinary creative professional with the ability to blend creative problem solving, compelling storytelling and strong business acumen into custom polished visuals through a variety of mediums. This role combines strategic thinking with creative execution to bring consumers to life for our clients, and leading others to do the same. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Act as creative lead and design advocate on complex engagements: Bring strong creative leadership to all project stages from proposal and execution to delivery and presentation Distill complex ideas and concepts and confidently articulate a creative vision to both internal teams and clients – if you see the potential, you can make it a reality Enjoy learning from and partnering with others – taking direction or providing it – and integrate seamlessly in cross-functional teams Apply multidisciplinary design expertise, drawing on experience from various industries in diverse mediums Manage deadlines and workload in a fast-paced environment requiring flexibility and resourcefulness Deliver design-centric solutions as a key differentiator of Gongos: Collaborate with Account teams, Business Development and Marketing to shape our go-to-market strategy Advocate for the power of design and educate on the creative process Advance internal design competency and technical skills while serving as a strong role model for professional development Partner with other expert areas to build advocates and further embed design through the delivery of great work Sought after for thought leadership and value added to work Translate business knowledge into informative, engaging and inspirational pieces to aid in decision-making for top executives: Bring consumer stories to life through an empathic design approach, visual storytelling, and strong aesthetic Leverage strong business acumen to understand our clients’ businesses and the challenges they’re facing Cultivate an interest and aptitude in information design – translating complex data into visuals that are beautiful and consumable PERKS THAT SET US APART Flexibility and time to recharge! We like happy, healthy employees, so recharge with generous PTO and holiday time off including a paid company shut down between Christmas and New Years Benefits! We offer four health insurance plans, dental insurance and vision insurance with an employee contribution that start from day one Flex time! Don’t want to be a road warrior in rush hour? Begin your day between 7:30-9:30AM Wear what you want! Jeans, business casual, flip flops. If you’re comfortable, we’re comfortable Tuition reimbursement program! 50% tuition/book reimbursement (max $3,000/year) available at one year of full-time employment Pay it forward! Our in-house charity team, Gongos Gives, provides ways to give back to our community 401k plan! 100% company match up to 3% of salary, 50% match on next 2%, available at one year of full-time employment Culture! We are a team that loves to have fun and some of that includes going to Tiger’s games, Cinco De Mayo Celebrations, Secret Santa, Annual Golf Outing, etc. LOCATION We’re moving! Our new headquarters located in downtown Royal Oak, Michigan is a fun city atmosphere with a progressive, flexible, and fun work environment. Enjoy working on outdoor balconies overlooking the city or sitting in private, quiet seating arranged in the office.
Academic Services Officer II, Workforce Diversity - Nursing: Provide academic advising and support to students enrolled in the College of Nursing undergraduate and graduate programs. Assist with the accurate processing of student applications and admission process. Manage advisee caseload through actively engaging with students through individual appointments and group advising. Provide program support and leadership on various projects and CON initiatives. Work collaboratively with the Office of Student Affairs leadership, faculty and program directors to ensure that students satisfy degree requirements. 50% of the position is responsible for providing recruitment and academic support for students who participate in the Workforce Diversity Program. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Demonstrated commitment to foster student success through mentoring and appreciative advising. Provide academic advising to current and prospective nursing students. Advise potential and current students on admission requirements, degree requirements, and graduation and certification information. Monitor academic progress of nursing students. Advise enrolled students on academic policies and procedures, degree and /program requirements. Coordinate and implement academic support services for at-risk nursing students. Must be knowledgeable of campus resources designed to assist students with academic success. Ability to collaborate with other units on campus to provide support for students. Serve on university committees to promote mission of College and University. Communicate effectively and accurately academic and nonacademic requirements, policies and procedures to prospective and admitted students, staff and faculty. Assist with the application and admission process; including evaluation of transcripts, review of applications, dissemination of admission decisions, and organization of new student orientation. Design and implement retention programs and services through management of Learning Communities. Monitor CON scholarship program. Collect student data and prepare a variety of accurate reports. Work with minimal supervision. Must be available to work evening and weekend hours as needed and requested. Provide own transportation to work and work-related events. Provide data support to the Assistant Dean, Enrollment & Student Services, Associate Dean for Academic and Clinical Affairs & Undergraduate & Graduate Program Directors as required. Other duties as assigned Unique Duties Qualifications Master's degree in Counseling or Education required. Previous work experience in higher education particularly with high achieving students/competitive admission process. Experience in design and development of student recruitment and retention programming. Demonstrated excellence in written, oral and interpersonal, communication skills. Demonstrated excellence in time management and organizational skills. Experience with academic advising, mentoring and establishing rapport with students of all ethnic backgrounds. Computer literacy; strong working knowledge of Banner and Banner products (i.e. Degree Works) and Microsoft Office. Preferred Qualifications Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Wayne State University is a premier, public, urban research university located in the heart of Detroit where students from all backgrounds are offered a rich, high quality education. Our deep rooted commitment to excellence, collaboration, integrity, diversity and inclusion creates exceptional educational opportunities preparing students for success in a diverse, global society. WSU encourages applications from women, people of color, and other underrepresented people. Wayne State is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Job Type Full-Time Job Category Faculty and Academic Staff Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 08-10-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: Represented Position Message
 Academic Services Officer I/II: Office of Federal TRiO. This is a subsidy conditioned appointment. The Academic Services Officer (ETS Academic Coordinator) is responsible for coordinating the Educational Talent Search (ETS) project. The position requires the ability to manage time, multi-task, and function successfully with little supervision. It includes providing pre-college awareness and assistance to participants and their families at target schools and their communities. This individual will also assist the director and assistant director with other duties and grant related responsibilities as necessary. Specifically, the Academic Services Officer II (ETS Academic Coordinator) has responsibility for the ETS academic program including participant recruitment, enrollment, needs assessment, and the ITSS Tutorial Program, Successful ETS participant enrollment and completion in Advanced Placement Courses. PSAT-SAT and MME test preparation services. Target school site responsibility for compliance with Federal program requirements. The Academic Coordinator sits on the ETS College Council, and is responsible for implementation of ETS collaborations with, Target School Teachers, Administrators, Parents, Counselors, Community and WSU Unique Duties Qualifications Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in Education, Student Affairs, Human Services, Curriculum & Instruction or a related field required for ASO I. Masters degree required for ASO II. Certified H.S. Instructor, or Licensed Practical Counselor. (LPC). Experience Designing, Managing or Implementing Similar Programs. Five years related experience and/or training in managing tutorial, standardized test preparation, supplemental instruction or AP programs, or implementing academic college readiness initiatives. Experience with federal TRIO programs is strongly preferred. Willing to become familiar with TRIO regulations that govern program policies and procedures. Strong desire to promote educational achievement and opportunity. Training in growth mindset interventions and underrepresented students is preferred. The ability to work independently and effectively with staff, participants, parents, community partners and school personnel of diverse backgrounds and varying educational levels. Must be competent with online/alternative learning support technologies and methods. Computer skills to effectively conduct electronically based business, communication, record keeping, presentations, and utilization of campus resources. Competent in evaluating and mentoring the performance of others for success. Competence in decision making, organization, and time management skills with a high attention to details. Requires day, evening, and occasional weekend hours and travel; college committee assignments; professional development; and other duties as assigned. Possess a valid driver's license with a good driving record. Reliable transportation. Multi-year grant funded position by the U.S. Department of Education. Preferred Qualifications Testing Requirements Not Applicable Test Scheduling Working Conditions Wayne State University is a premier, public, urban research university located in the heart of Detroit where students from all backgrounds are offered a rich, high quality education. Our deep rooted commitment to excellence, collaboration, integrity, diversity and inclusion creates exceptional educational opportunities preparing students for success in a diverse, global society. WSU encourages applications from women, people of color, and other underrepresented people. Wayne State is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. Job Type Full-Time Job Category Faculty and Academic Staff Duration of Posting Fiscal Year of Job Open Date 2018 Job Open Date (When job is posted in the system) 05-01-2018 Job Close Date (or until suitable candidate is found) Until Suitable Candidate is Found Is this position reposted? No Reposting Reason: None (New Posting) Application Information Background Check Requirements University policy requires certain persons who are offered employment to undergo a background check, including a criminal history check, before starting to work. If you are offered employment, the University will inform you if a background check is required. Instructions for submitting your application: submit application via WSU's Online Hiring System Represented Position Message
Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Director of School Support, Michigan: Director of School Support – Michigan Network Location: Metro Detroit Area Position is available: June 2018 WHO WE ARE Achievement Network (ANet) is a nonprofit dedicated to educational equity. We help schools boost student learning with great teaching that’s grounded in standards, informed by data, and built on the successful practices of educators around the country. Founded in 2005, ANet now serves over 700 schools educating over 230,000 students in California, Colorado, Connecticut, District of Columbia, Illinois, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, and Tennessee. Our support has consistently helped our partner schools—both district and charter—achieve breakthrough results for their students. ANet has received multiple awards and recognitions, including a prestigious Investing In Innovation (i3) grant from the federal government in 2010, New Schools Venture Fund’s “Organization of the Year” in 2011, and The NonProfit Time’s “Best Nonprofits to Work For” in 2015 and 2016. ANet is a dynamic, values driven, team-oriented organization that is committed to the growth and development of all staff members. Individuals who join ANet have the opportunity to join an exceptional team of colleagues committed to helping schools drive excellent teaching and learning by investing in each other and learning together. THE OPPORTUNITY We are seeking influential academic leaders who are passionate about increasing student achievement to serve as a Director of School Support (DSS), working to support our service to schools in Michigan as part of ANet’s Central East Region. With a deep commitment to the metro Detroit area, ANet is committed to advancing equity and helping to raise the bar on teaching and learning across the Michigan Network and this DSS will play a crucial role in ensuring our partner schools achieve breakthrough results for students. The DSS will work with leaders to build a school culture where learning standards, achievement data, and teacher development are used to achieve breakthrough learning for students. The DSS will be responsible for coaching and developing leadership in approximately 12-14 schools in the Michigan Network, reaching more than 200 teachers and 6,000 students. The Director of School Support will report directly to and work closely with the Executive Director of the Michigan Network while also work in a highly collaborative and supportive fashion with the Michigan Network Team, as well as with peer coaches across ANet’s other regions and national teams. WHAT YOU’LL DO Partner with and coach school leaders to strengthen instruction and increase student achievement Serve as an instructional leadership coach for school leaders, inspiring and motivating teams, supporting school-wide change management, and building expertise in standards-based and data-driven instruction and teacher development Develop school leaders and teachers on effective use of real-time data from the ANet interim assessments to target student misunderstandings, to improve teacher practice, and to continually deepen understanding of the rigor of the Common Core standards Train and coach school leaders and teachers on effective backwards planning using state standards, complex texts, and curricula to achieve student mastery of grade-level content Analyze student data and use research-based practices to inform an individualized strategy for coaching each school Serve as a leadership coach for school leaders, partnering with them to overcome barriers to successful data-driven instruction and increased student achievement, including how to develop and leverage school-wide practices and structures to build a culture of achievement that accelerates student impact Engage in a gradual release of support to build some schools’ independence with teacher development, first by modeling meeting facilitation, then observing and providing coaching and feedback to leaders on their facilitation Develop a strong network of ANet schools Connect school leaders with other schools to facilitate best practice sharing Design and lead professional development sessions for groups of school leaders and teachers Support the regional leadership in growing the Network by sustaining current school partners and fostering new partnerships Support internal ANet strength and growth Develop tools, coaching strategies, and innovative ideas for the organization that improve our ability to coach schools Serve in internal ANet leadership roles, which could include recruiting and hiring, network event coordination, sales, professional development planning and facilitation, and strategy development WHO YOU ARE AND WHAT YOU BRING In order to be successful in this role, candidates must demonstrate the following: You have a passionate commitment to and a sense of urgency for the support of schools, along with a belief that all students can achieve at high levels; you believe in the power of formative assessment, coaching, and professional development as critical levers in school improvement. You are energized by roles where no day will be the same, but where instructional excellence is at the heart of everything you do. You bring prior experience managing or coaching other adults (e.g. school leadership, instructional coaching, etc.) and know how to develop and motivate others to drive results, while balancing humility and assertiveness. You thrive off building strong relationships, especially when it comes to building trust and credibility quickly. You have a proven track record of results as a teacher and/or instructional leader using standards and data to drive instruction; you know what excellent instructional practices look like at the classroom, grade, and school level. You can connect the dots in ambiguous circumstances and know how to use your analytical and problem-solving skills to plan and facilitate strong outcomes in meetings and through facilitation of instructional content. You have excellent communication skills and are able to read and respond to unspoken and implicit cues; you are a compelling presenter and facilitator who can explain complex problems and solutions in clear, concise and engaging ways. You are motivated by working in an environment where we live out our core values daily; you are eager to examine personal archetypes and biases while discussing topics related to race, class, and privilege which relate to ANet’s Advance Equity and People Matter values. You are willing to travel across the Region to the partner schools and systems within your portfolio and have access to a vehicle (mileage will be reimbursed) and/or public transportation in order to do so. Ideal candidates may also demonstrate the following preferred qualifications: You bring familiarity implementing the Common Core instructional shifts, as teacher and/or as an instructional coach, specifically in math and/or ELA You have prior experience coaching teams, leading professional development, and/or managing programs at a district/CMO-level WHAT WE OFFER ANet offers highly competitive compensation based on prior experience and qualifications as well as comprehensive benefits in order to best support our people. Benefits we offer include: health, dental and vision insurance where ANet pays 80% of the cost of these benefits for employees and their families/domestic partner; 3 weeks of vacation (4 weeks after two years with ANet); 10 paid holidays with paid days off between the Christmas and New Year’s holidays; a paid floating holiday; paid sick & personal days; paid parental leave; retirement plan options; commuter benefits; tuition reimbursement; flexible spending accounts; short and long-term disability coverage; and basic life and personal accident insurance. HOW TO APPLY Applications submitted by April 20, 2018 are guaranteed to be reviewed. Candidates who apply by that deadline will be updated by the week of April 23rd regarding any next steps in the hiring process. To apply, please click on the blue “Apply” button. You will then be prompted to complete a brief application and upload a resume and thoughtful cover letter in which you outline why you are interested in working for ANet and how your skills and experience meet the qualifications of the position. ANet is committed to maximizing the diversity of our organization. We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage individuals of all ethnic and racial backgrounds and gender identities to apply to our positions.
Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Sales Representative-Detroit MI Neuroscience Primary Care: As a Neurosciences Primary Care Sales Representative you are responsible for effectively handling a defined territory with a customer focused approach on the health care providers in that territory. Territory Management: Develop and implement territory business plans to deliver strong sales results and achieve sales targets Represent Lilly as a leader in the Neurosciences community and marketplace Operate with high integrity and follow all Lilly policies and procedures Customer Focus: Promote product portfolio to HCPs through value-based conversations and communicate safety, efficacy, and treatment expectations Partner with customers to understand practice workflow and patient needs within the practice Provide resources that enhance or exceed customer needs for disease-state information and product-specific support Assist and coordinate critical activities with physicians and office staff through the drug initiation process, device training, patient support programs, and follow-up where applicable Collaborate and partner with peers in the Neurosciences sales organization, brand team, and other support partners to deliver an extraordinary customer experience Connect with access specialists, and other commercial partners to ensure a positive patient experience with treatment Disease State and Neuroscience Market Knowledge: Develop deep disease-state, product, and competitor knowledge, as well as understanding local and regional market trends Share key findings with teammates to serve as a learning resource within the Geo-managed team Earn reputation as a subject-matter authority and a valued resource Company Overview Are you seeking a career that makes a difference in the world? Would you like a career where you can use your sales experience and skills? At Lilly, we serve an extraordinary purpose. We make a difference for people around the globe by discovering, developing and delivering medicines that help them live longer, healthier, more active lives. Not only do we deliver breakthrough medications, but you also can count on us to develop creative solutions to support communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. For over 25 years, Lilly has been committed to helping people suffering from migraine, investigating more than a dozen different compounds for the treatment of migraine and disabling headache disorders. These research programs have accelerated understanding of this disease and advanced the development of Lilly's comprehensive late-stage development programs studying the launch of a Migraine portfolio for prevention of migraine and cluster headache, and for the acute treatment of migraine. Our goal is to make life better for people with migraine by offering comprehensive solutions to prevent or stop this disabling disease. The combined clinical, academic and professional experience of our experts helps us to build our research portfolio, identify challenges for healthcare providers and pinpoint the needs of people living with migraine and cluster headache. Sound interesting to you? Read on to find out more about how you can join our sales team, where you will enjoy meaningful work, build a successful career and make important contributions to our patients’ lives. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree Professional certification or license required to perform this position if required by a specific state Valid driver’s license and acceptable driving record Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the United States. Lilly does not anticipate providing sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B or TN status) for this employment position. Additional Information Approximately 10% travel; occasional overnight travel may be required Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status Additional Skills/Preferences Live inside territory or within 30 miles of territory boundaries Strong learning agility Patient centric mindset Consistent record of exceeding sales expectations Product launch experience Strong business analytical skills (business/ financial acumen) Excellent communication and organizational skills Solid analytical skills Ability to collaborate in a team environment Region North America Country USA City Detroit Workplace Arrangement Sales Job Expires 14-Nov-2018
Instructional Coach: POSITION DESCRIPTION ? INSTRUCTIONAL COACH Vision: ?Pursuit of Excellence? Our team consists of individuals with years of educational leadership and operational experience that operate at the highest level of integrity, customer service and excellence treating your academy as if it was our own. We believe your success is EAS Schools? success and are committed to achieving it. Core Values: Performance with Passion Resourcefulness Integrity Direction with Commitment Excellence in all we do __________________________________________________________________________ TITLE: Instructional Coach FLSA STATUS: Exempt REPORTS TO: Principal SUPERVISES: General Education Classroom Teachers LOCATION: Southwest Detroit Community School POSITION SUMMARY The Instructional Coach (IC) is part of the EAS Schools? leadership team and will work closely with the Principal to support academic leadership and achievement throughout the school. The IC will be instructionally focused, providing support and coaching to teachers as they work to ensure that each student reaches her or his academic potential. With the support of the Principal, the IC is also responsible for ensuring strong student culture, thus creating the optimal learning environment for academic achievement. An effective IC will ensure that our school?s instructional program and school environment prepares every student for success in life. The IC will also be responsible for delivering content-based professional development and developing department and grade level chairs. The IC?s job is to support the school in driving academic and character outcomes for students as a key member of the school?s leadership team. We expect our IC to lead both instruction and school culture and also to be able to develop leadership in the school?s emerging teacher leaders. The IC is an active member of the school leadership team and reports to the Principal. PERFORMANCE EXPECTATIONS The Instructional Coach is responsible for managing, coaching, developing, and supporting instructional staff in accordance with the mission, vision, philosophy and policies of EAS Schools. The Instructional Coach performance measures will include, but not be limited to: Rapport with staff, students, parents, and others School-wide student achievement growth versus target Staff and stakeholder satisfaction ? primarily as measured by surveys Staff attendance versus target Staff retention versus target Demonstrated knowledge of assigned content area(s) including appropriate instructional strategies and available resources CRITICAL WORK The Instructional Coach leads, manages and develops teachers by executing on the following duties: Observe teachers and provide expert advice on improving and enhancing individual lessons and units based on ongoing analysis. This will include, but is not limited to: o Reviewing lesson plans, unit plans, and assessments o Understanding scope and sequence models o Observing classroom instruction and offering comprehensive analysis and feedback o Providing instructional strategy best practice training, as needed o Supporting the development of curriculum, using the backward design model and advising scope and sequence based on essential content knowledge that addresses state and national standards o Review assessment tools on a regular and on-going basis and analyze performance for effectiveness in improving student achievement Lead data-driven instruction Hold teachers accountable to deliverables and results Supports teachers in understanding process and roles in student support and intervention and develops systems and structures to ensure that limited time is spent on reactive student discipline Act as the first Leadership Team contact on student intervention and parent engagement hierarchy; determines next steps for issues that rise above the teacher or grade level chair Work collaboratively with the Principal around the instructional staff evaluation process Ensure that students meet their annual NWEA goals Develop and lead the instructional coaching model for the school; work with other coaches to ensure a consistent coaching model across the school Develop and lead school-wide professional development for teachers and staff Support the Principal in identifying and developing emerging teacher leaders through goal setting, coaching and providing feedback Assist the Principal in the development of an academic vision and strategic plan Collaborate with other members of the school leadership team to ensure high quality implementation of the schools? educational design, including school culture, standards, assessments, and instructional guidelines Takes an active role in investing and mobilizing teachers to achieve the collective goals of the school; owns the implementation of select school priorities in support of the school-wide vision As a leader on the academic team, make recommendations on best practices for supporting curriculum alignment across all grade levels; continue to advise and monitor this progress as the school grows by grade level towards creating a comprehensive and aligned curriculum for K through twelfth grade Manage parts of the daily school operations (e.g. arrival/dismissal, lunch/recess, school trips) Collaborate with Principal on hiring and on-boarding of staff when appropriate MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS EDUCATION: Bachelor?s Degree (required); Master?s Degree (preferred) EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS: Strong candidates for this position will demonstrate an unwavering focus on student achievement and a record of success in leading teams, people and instruction. Additional qualifications include: Unquestioned Integrity Humility Vision Commitment to justice Independence and initiative Effective collaboration skills Demonstrated student achievement results in own classroom and from teachers that she/he manages Ability to push staff while inspiring them A minimum of 3+ years teaching in a high-needs setting (preferably urban) Curricular and instructional leadership experience Possession of a passionate and loving attitude toward all children A deep passion for social justice and equity for all children; a strong belief that all students can achieve at the highest levels regardless of demography Demonstrated ability to create inclusive environments that honors and supports a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives Demonstrated ability to lead and manage leaders Ability to evaluate instructional programs and teaching effectiveness Excellent communication, public relations, and interpersonal skills Adept at data analysis; ability to extract meaningful insights across school- wide data Willingness to take on additional roles and responsibilities as assigned Strong culture building/ behavior management skill Ability to work both on broad-based strategy and everyday details Ability to be flexible and adapt to changing priorities Ability to interpret policy, procedures, and data Proven written and verbal communication skills Strong organizational and planning skills Responsiveness; Follow-up and follow-through with students, families, and faculty members is essential Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook) This job description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by an incumbent in this job and the qualifications needed. The job description should not be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties that may be performed by a person so classified and should not be construed as an exhaustive list of all qualifications that may be required.
 Business Expert - The Somerset Collection (Full-time): As a Microsoft Retail Store employee, you have the unique opportunity to impact our company's mission every single day. Microsoft Retail Stores are the hub of cutting-edge devices and services, providing our customers the opportunity to immerse themselves in the latest and greatest in technology solutions that fit into their everyday lifestyle. As a member of our global Stores team, we value your unique perspective, background, experiences, talents and abilities. We are seeking store teammates who will make authentic connections and provide world-class service to our consumer and small to medium size business customers who come from all walks of life. These connections transform them into Microsoft-brand fans. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam The Product Advisor-Business Expert is instrumental in supporting the growth of commercial sales in our retail stores. This role works closely with the Business Sales Specialist (BSS) and Community Development Specialist (CDS) in driving business results, small to medium size business (SMB) program initiatives, & expanding the existing customer base through peer and customer engagements. Business Experts will spend their time influencing, inspiring and shaping the SMB culture and processes in the store, while assisting with the growth and management of accounts. Our experts lead with world class customer service and empower our customers to achieve more through device and software utilization. Responsibilities Customer Obsession Help business and commercial customers discover, buy, use, and love Microsoft technology solutions and services that meets and exceeds their individual and business needs Evangelize commercial product offerings through in-store experiences and learning engagements Build on increased utilization with devices customers own and love in the office, on the go while mobile, and at home Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Drive for Results Continuously building your level of knowledge around commercial devices and services while articulating the Microsoft Stores value proposition to our customers Utilize analytical and organizational skills by maintaining meticulous reporting and records in the store's customer relationship management (CRM) database Maintain a sense of urgency and accuracy when creating customer quotations and technology recommendations under the oversight and guidance of the Store Manager and BSS Influencing for Impact Empower and engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to drive business impact in the SMB space, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Possesses the ability to persuade positive business outcomes through in-store interactions with customers and team mates’ Foster SMB relationships locally through events that illuminate brand awareness within our community Collaboration Act as the business liaison to all team mates on training and learning of our commercial products and services as well as monitor the learning progress on commercial initiatives in partnership with the in-store Retail Learning Specialist (RLS) and BSS. Distill information collected on important initiatives and learnings from weekly Microsoft Direct Business Sales calls; communicating takeaways and action items with in-store teams Qualifications Required Qualifications 1+ year’s retail sales or customer service experience Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Retail leadership experience Commercial sales generation and/or account management experience Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative sales environment Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Senior Strategist, MRM//McCann: We are looking for a Senior Strategist who is a strategic contributor that marries customer experience planning with storytelling. As an insatiably curious knowledge gatherer, you’ll lead and drive the strategy, development, execution and stewardship of digital products and capabilities. You will also make both proactive and reactive recommendations for other emerging digital initiatives based on client requirements and needs. Responsibilities: Act as a utility player, bringing existing knowledge to strategy development and learning new things quickly as opportunities come up Be an advocate and driver of word-class customer experience strategies as they relate to digital products Formulate digital strategy for client businesses and ensure that recommendations and decisions are consistent with client’s objectives and strategies Assume lead or support role (depending on the project) for integration of client’s digital efforts and demonstrate full understanding of client’s businesses as basis for all future work Synthesize qualitative and quantitative data from all available sources to provide strategic implications and creative inspiration Assume ultimate responsibility for products and concepts, both strategic and implementation Investigate all new digital opportunities from a broad perspective to determine appropriateness and soundness of idea Continually seek innovative and breakthrough ideas, approaches and solutions Keep up to date with emerging digital trading platforms, identifying those with benefit, scaling the opportunity and helping advise on implementation Providing direction and insight to multi-disciplined teams of designers, user experience developers and account team members, looking for innovative solutions and engaging experiences Deliver digital ecosystems supporting with client’s business objectives Take on a thought leadership role, surfacing new ideas, capabilities and customer needs proactively Develop and lead engaging and strategically on point presentations Required Skills Education and Experience: 7+ years of related digital and/or planning experience Bachelor’s degree preferred; concentration in advertising, marketing, business administration, and/or communications preferred Ideal candidate will have strong knowledge of digital strategy and track record of delivering complex strategy assignments Ability to articulate and educate Clients and team members on Digital strategy, trends, challenges Demonstrate deep understanding of digital trends and capabilities, including executional planning Demonstrate sharp strategic thinking and effective problem solving skills Ability to work collaboratively with internal teams, Clients, and agency partners Ability to analyze problems, identify alternative solutions, project consequences of proposed actions and implement recommendation Demonstrated excellent strategy and presentation skills AT MRM, RELATIONSHIP IS OUR MIDDLE NAME. MRM//McCann is a leading customer relationship agency that leverages the power of creativity, the beauty of data, and the magic of technology to nurture, encourage and sustain strong relationships between brands and their customers – in turn, creating meaningful experiences for people, while driving business results. We employ the most innovative talent in the industry to digitally drive the transformation of our clients’ businesses and provide creative solutions to help brands grow meaningful relationships with people. Do you excel when working in a team? Are you fascinated by the endless possibilities that technology brings to marketing? Are you ready to transform our world? If so, you will thrive in our culture based on the Important Things We Believe (I.T.W.B.s): Ideas power everything We’re Better Together We’ll figure it out Complexity can be managed It only counts if we deliver Technology is magic MRM//McCann is a leader in Gartner Inc.'s annual "Magic Quadrant for Global Digital Marketing Agencies" report. Gartner Magic Quadrants are based on an exacting methodology where agencies stand out for their strategic services, including business strategy and digital business transformation skills. MRM//McCann is noted for its global vision and strategy, and its use of tools and analytics enabling clients to deliver a measurable business impact as the result of those strategies. NO THIRD PARTY RESUMES ACCEPTED. MRM//McCann is an EEO/AA employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, marital status, citizenship, disability, genetic information or veteran status or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state, or local law. MRM//McCann participates in e-Verify. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, please submit your request through one of the following methods listed below: a) Dedicated Fax - 917-661-6310 b) Dedicated E-mail – Careers@mwgdetroit.com c) US Mail – ATTN: Human Resources, 360 W. Maple Birmingham, MI 48009 d) Dedicated Phone – 248-203-8000 NOTE: Disability accommodation requests only. Required Experience
Best Buy Verizon Expert: What does a Best Buy Verizon Expert do? At Best Buy we deliver expert service at unbeatable prices – all in a fun, high-energy, play-to-win environment that is unlike any other. The Verizon Expert is responsible for creating a world-class shopping experience for our customers while meeting their technology needs with Verizon products and services. The Verizon Expert must build quality relationships with retail consumers and provide them with relevant and memorable Verizon product demonstrations. The Verizon Expert provides full-service and solutions support to customers in the Verizon Experience. The Verizon Expert is responsible for delivering profitability by achieving revenue, margin, solutions and operational targets. They also work closely with other employees to demonstrate, promote and sell Verizon products and services within the Mobile Phone department. A Best Buy Verizon Expert: Acts as a trusted subject matter expert, brand advocate and product champion for Verizon products and services. Actively engages customers using selling skills to increase sales of Verizon products and services in the designated Verizon Experience and, secondarily, in the Mobile Phone department. Takes complex technology and service plans and makes it simple for customers and other employees to understand. Fields questions about product features and explains benefits to consumers in a way that is engaging and promotes excitement in acquiring and using these products and services. They are patient, genuine and helpful while assisting customers in finding the right products and services. Demonstrates for each customer how finding the right products and services can enrich their lives. Works closely with the rest of the Mobile team to appropriately direct customers to other team members who can provide service to meet their specific needs. What are the professional requirements for a Best Buy Verizon Expert? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Account Manager: As an Account Manager at Ambassador you will be the primary consultant for all aspects of our clients’ needs post-sale. Your ongoing objective is to ensure client success, that Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are met and client desired results are achieved; culminating in an increased [client] retention rate, active usage, and improved customer value. As the primary point of contact for all of our clients, our Account Managers understand that customer service is a key differentiator as to why our customers choose Ambassador for their relationship marketing needs. With that said, the majority of your efforts will be conducted via phone, webinar, email, exemplifying our core value of Always Customer Obsessed. In the 1st Month you will… Take a deep dive into our software, learning all the many intricacies of our product. Get your first taste of customer service by answering client questions related to our software via email, telephone or through our ticket system. Through a series of mock calls with your fellow Diplomats you will hone your skills by conducting client communications. Sharpen your skills in Month 2 by... Continuing to answer client questions via email, telephone or through our ticket system perfecting your skills as a Success Diplomat. Learn our product further and the special technicalities that come with onboarding a client. Champion existing accounts through reviews, campaign optimization, minimizing churn, and fostering an exceptional client experience. Execute in Month 3 by... Taking ownership and accountability for new client accounts. Successfully onboard clients and guide them on how to use Ambassador’s software in order to reach their campaign goals. Consistently meet assigned or planned campaign based milestones. Maintain expert level knowledge on the Ambassador platform, key client needs, and industry trends. Desired Skills & Experience Bachelor’s degree 3+ years customer service Work experience for a software/technology solution provider Experience owning client relationships and becoming a trusted advisor Knowledge of the marketing technology landscape and/or experience servicing senior level marketing clientele General experience using business web applications (Salesforce.com, desk.com, etc) Excellent written and oral communication skills Extreme attention to detail, organized, and process focused Excited to work in a start up environment Patient, Positive, and Motivating
 Learning Tools Strategist: Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always re-examining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. As a Learning Tool Strategist, you’ll join the larger Pearson Courseware team. You will play a critical role in championing the vision for new tools and enhancements to existing tools, which you will then collaborate to bring to life across global education. To be successful, you’ll need to build deep relationships and work across the fast-paced world of Pearson and education technology. Responsibilities: \+ Works closely with Portfolio management, Marketing, and other teams to conduct discipline-specific market research to gather customer & learner needs, inform & propose new product features and content, and determine demand for current and future learning tools, products, & product models. \+ Engages directly with customers & customer-facing teams to understand customer use cases and workflows and anticipate learning tool consumption across product lifecycle & product models. Builds strong relationships with Pearson experts, customers, & thought leaders to inform, validate, and refine new learning tools, content, and associated products. \+ Collaborates with cross-functional teams (UX, Learning Design, and others) to develop product-appropriate design & content strategies while applying customer-informed curriculum and pedagogy perspectives. Translates & facilitates between authors, product teams, and vendors to ensure that content is effectively authored to meet product specs and objectives. \+ Conducts preliminary assessment of cost and technology feasibility & business opportunity for implementing new product features and content. Informs business cases for product feature & content requirements to evaluate against defined product models & business priorities. \+ Manages vendor & technology partner relationships to ensure requirements, capabilities & standards, planned development, and timelines meet product goals and market expectations. \+ Provides ready input, support, and guidance to sales, marketing, implementation, and support teams for current and forthcoming digital products and learning tools for both Pearson Higher Ed and likely competitors. \+ Supports continuous content improvement capability based on customer feedback, usage patterns and other data to improve learner experience. Qualifications BA or BS required. Relevant graduate-level work is a plus.1 yr of customer- facing or sales experience, especially presenting/facilitating complex ideas or new technology. Experience in education or corporate learning industries a plus.1 yrs of product management or new product development experience.Must be willing to work with remote teams and travel at least once a quarter.Strong interpersonal skills with a focus on teamwork and the ability to foster/maintain relationships internally and externally.Great written and oral communication skills, as well as presentation skills.Excellent project management skills, including ability to effectively manage a high volume of simultaneous projects. Proven track record in developing project plans for complex digital projects and delivering the required technology/software/digital content on schedule. Exceptional attention to detail and ability to balance short-term and long-term deadlines.Solid grounding in web and mobile software technologies with proven ability to work closely with vendors and development teams.Familiarity with and understanding of the most current digital and mobile technologies.The ideal candidate will have a passion for innovative technology and improving education. LI-2KM Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-MA-Boston Other Locations US-CA-San Francisco, US-NJ-Hoboken, US-OH-Columbus Work Locations: US-MA-Boston-501 Boylston 501 Boylston St Boston 02116 Job: Technology Organization: Global Product Employee Status: Regular Employee Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 9, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1811167 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Deep Learning Research Engineer: As one of the first 20 full-time team members, you will develop Enlitic’s next generation of machine learning algorithms for medical decision making. Our ideal candidate enjoys translating deep learning techniques into production code. About You: Your primary mission is to put machine learning algorithms into practice, while growing your own expertise in machine learning Your excellent understanding of the foundations of deep learning allows you to explain CNNs to a four year old You understand the value of sound, reproducible engineering practices, and believe that for machine learning to be successfully deployed in the real world, it must be surrounded and supported by the right production framework You have strong coding skills, and can work in languages ranging from Python to C++ or Java, in a team development environment You are familiar with scientific computing and systems using GPUs to parallelize operations Once you are here you will: Build maintainable pipelines for deep learning that can handle terabytes of data Learn about machine learning, scalable high-bandwidth systems, and information security Run experiments to test hypotheses with the team Design and build novel systems to solve unique medical problems Participate in a feedback loop to figure out the ways we can use deep learning to maximize the impact on patient care Location This position is based in San Francisco, CA, reporting to the COO. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 Head of Learning & Development: The Head of Learning and Development will spearhead efforts to intelligently and thoughtfully build and scale a robust L&D; platform, which powers Coinbase’s ability to unlock our talent potential. This is a strategic leadership role that is critical to the continued success of our growing company. You will be the principal architect responsible for the design, implementation, and evaluation of programs that facilitate professional development and continuous learning of employees across the organization. Learning is an ongoing, iterative process and you are a master cultivator of workplace engagement and performance. Responsibilities Ensure Coinbase’s core values and organizational philosophies are the foundation of all L&D; initiatives Own all employee training, coaching and education programs and design and scale Coinbase's L&D; policies and procedures Design, implement and manage development programs that educate, engage, and develop management talent at all levels (from entry level and individual contributor to leadership and executive roles) Develop and drive a crypto education program that ensures all employees have a deep understanding of crypto Develop and drive an alumni program that connects currents employees with Coinbase alumni as mentors, educators, guest Utilize metrics and a data driven approach to assess current and future organizational learning needs as well as deliver outcomes based on key success metrics and targets Coordinate real-time learning and ongoing coaching support for leaders at all levels Understand the relationship between L&D; and performance management and identify opportunities to optimize our current approach Collaborate cross-functionally with other stakeholders to develop strategies to continuously improve effectiveness, standardize processes, and ensure adoption and compliance Build rapport and trust with key stakeholders, vendors and project teams to effectively develop, launch and measure learning impact Qualifications 10+ years of experience in L&D; roles 5+ years of people management experience A strong track record of success in learning and executive development, facilitation, organizational development, consulting/coaching and learning/instructional design Passion for people development (both professional and personal aspects) Proven success delivering to global teams at scale Proven record of either identifying and hiring context experts as facilitators and presenters or delivering content directly Excellent communication - written, verbal, and in presentation. Strong ability to collaborate with different parties, drive progress amidst divergent views, understand internal needs, and deliver on expectations What to send Resume and cover letter
 Deep Learning Engineer: Who we are: Our mission is to provide tools that enable advertisers to reach niche interest groups and personas that resonate with their business. We accomplish this by leveraging machine learning to infer user attributes such as demographics and interests. Advertisers can then use these attributes to specify the type of person their advertisement should target. What You Will Do: Apply the latest deep learning algorithms to user modeling, topic modeling, and engagement prediction problems. The problems include: regression, classification, learning to rank, and unsupervised embeddings. Who You Are: You’re a machine learning engineer with an interest in deep learning. Requirements: BS, MS, or PhD in computer science, data mining, machine learning, information retrieval, recommendation systems, natural language processing, statistics, math, engineering, operations research, or other quantitative discipline; or equivalent work experience 4+ years industry experience Skilled in using various machine learning algorithms for classification and regression Fluent in one or more object oriented languages like Java, Scala, C, C++ Experience with Spark, Hadoop, Pig or other MapReduce-based architectures Knowledgeable of core CS concepts such as: common data structures and algorithms. Comfortable conducting design and code reviews. Experienced in operating Linux-based systems. Passionate about working with large unstructured and structured data sets We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Software Engineer, Deep Learning: Job Description \--------------- Magic Leap has a number of exciting projects in computer vision, ranging from tracking to object detection and recognition and looking for the best in deep learning. We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our Deep Learning team who will ideally have at least 3+ years of experience within the field and be able to hit the ground running. So if you are passionate about data-driven machine learning and hate feature engineering, then you must apply! Responsibilities: \----------------- Able to work with cross-functional teams while managing and fostering junior engineers. Develop optimization methods, deep architectures, and learning tools to ease the use of feed forward and recurrent models. Qualifications: \--------------- 2+ Years of Industry Experience C++/Python Strong expertise in deep learning Education: \---------- B.S. or M.S.in Computer Science, Applied Math or similar related field Additional Information \---------------------- All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines.
Staff Research Associate I/II: We are a team of experimental and computational biologists with the goal of understanding how genetic differences between individuals create variability in cellular function and ultimately disease susceptibility. This effort builds on the development and application of cutting edge genomic (RNA-seq, ATAC-seq, single cell RNA-seq) and computational technologies (linear mixed models, deep learning). We focus on the human immune response as our model system and collaborate extensively with clinicians and immunologists. The research will increase our understanding of how genetics influence cellular function in health and disease. The Staff Research Associate I/II (SRA I/II) will play an important role in supporting various experimental efforts in the lab. The SRA I/II will interact primarily with the lab manager and graduate students. INSTITUTE FOR HUMAN GENETICS Institute of Human Genetics (IHG) and UCSF provide a vibrant research environment with close links to top academic institutions across the Bay Area and provide the potential for your contributions to be used and recognized worldwide. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.
Learning & Development: OVERVIEW This important Learning & Development role will provide instructional design and development expertise in support of the Operations Team. The successful candidate will need to effectively partner with business leaders to promote the Mission and Core Values of Pacific Catch. With growth on the horizon the company is focused on producing, supporting and implementing programs to strengthen our brand and culture. Finally, this position will work very closely with the restaurant management and human resources team to support restaurant operations on a regular basis. REPORTS TO Human Resources Director SCHEDULE This is a full-time, salaried exempt position. The typical workweek will be Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8:30 am and 6:30 pm, with expected hours between 40-50 hours/week. Some nights and weekends are required. REQUIRED ATTRIBUTES Passionate about helping and serving others, with a strong sense of empathy and humility Resourceful, solution oriented and self-directed Strong written and verbal communication and a professional demeanor You thrive in an entrepreneurial, fast-paced environment with little direction Excited to be an integral part of a rapidly growing company Outstanding work ethic Systems and process oriented Able to manage a heavy workload, prioritize well and meet deadlines Passionate about food, eating out and the hospitality industry RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE LEARNING & DEVEOPMENT MANAGER This position is highly visible, will have a critical impact on our culture and employee experience, and has the privilege to drive end-to-end strategy and execution across a wide variety of critical talent development functions. Manage all aspects of the training lifecycle, to include training needs assessments, development of new training programs, evaluations, marketing and communications of programs, budget and resource management, reporting and updating of development profiles and material. Curate knowledge from subject matter experts and create learning courses and collateral for internal and external stakeholders. Determine appropriate curriculum for professional development that addresses performance gaps or skills needed to develop and grow within Pacific Catch Develop, design and implement inspiring and innovative training and development experiences for our Team Members that are scalable. Clear understanding of adult learning theory, principles of communication and training delivery methods. Intellectual curiosity, a deep growth mindset, and the desire to constantly improve Excellent facilitation and communications skills across all levels Strong leadership skills and experience managing cross-functional relationships and priorities Create and manage the learning management system for Pacific Catch. Integrate learning success measures into our business model and leverage insights for continuous improvements and support of our business KPIs. Design innovative and engaging learning solutions that can be delivered in person, virtual and that Team Members can access on demand. Develop solutions to increase team effectiveness and Guest impact REQUIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILL SET 3 - 5+ years’ experience in the design, development and implementation of curriculum development, talent management programs. Direct experience in the L&D function is critical to be considered for this role. Strong analytical skills and comfort analyzing data and creating comprehensive models, reports, metrics, and recommendations to stakeholders Excellent written and verbal communications skills Strong attention to detail and ability to prioritize and work well in an environment with competing demands and a demonstrated ability to work independently and within a team Ability to research, interpret and communicate complex policies and employment related laws Experience with HRIS database administration Advanced computer skills Advanced writing, copywriting, editing and formatting skills, including an eye for good design and aesthetics
Developer Evangelist - Data Science and Deep Learning: Samsung NEXT’s MissingLink product team is in search of a Developer Evangelist with a deep passion for Data Science and Deep learning. MissingLink.ai has built a platform that accelerates the development and research around AI. Our platform automates most of the day-to-day tasks that Engineers and Data Scientists have to take to develop incredible AI machines. We are looking for a Developer Evangelist to help our core team tell the story about our growing platform. The Evangelist will work with our product, marketing, design, and engineering teams to make MissingLink.ai a world-class experience. Responsibilities: As a developer evangelist, you will be serving in any number of different capacities: Creating technical content for publication on our blog and other channels to show developers how to implement specific Deep Learning practices and solutions. Organizing and volunteering at the local, national, and international developer and maker events. Speaking and sharing your expertise at user groups and conferences. Educating and empowering developers, giving technical workshops and brown bags. Writing production-quality code and contributing to both MissingLink.ai and non-MissingLink.ai open source tools, applications, examples, sales demos and other projects. Building partnerships with individuals, companies, and organizations that serve the same communities we do. Connecting and networking with other developers and entrepreneurs to identify how MissingLink.ai might help them be even more awesome. Gathering and socializing product feedback that will inform engineering, sales, and marketing decision making. Supporting our developers wherever they are, on forums, social media, and everywhere in between. Other skills that are great to bring with you but we can also help you develop include: Leadership and service in developer communities. Technical writing skills as demonstrated via blog posts and other written work. Willingness to take the stage is essential for inspiring developers. A developer evangelist needs to deliver presentations that are effective and respectful of an audience's time and attention. Requirements: Solid and diverse engineering skills \- If you were writing code full time, you would be a great performer. You have probably maintained a non-trivial project in production and understand the joys and risks involved. A knack for teaching technical concepts - Whether as an instructor, mentor, or peer, you’ve discovered that when it comes to teaching the keys to success are empathy, patience, and attention to detail Friendly and approachable \- We find these people do well as the teachers and teammates we are looking for Desired skills: Strong Data Science background - You should have experience building deep learning architectures for commercial products and a good understanding of the fundamentals and best practices of deep learning. Application notes: Please include a cover letter along with your resume, describing why you believe you would be a great fit for the team. Links to other websites and resources where we might learn more about you (GitHub, Kaggle, Personal Blog, YouTube, Twitter, Twitch, Deviant Art portfolio, etc.).
 Learning Experience Manager: Digital Promise is an independent, bipartisan 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization authorized by Congress to spur innovation in education for all levels of learners. Positioned at the intersection of educators, entrepreneurs, and researchers, Digital Promise identifies, develops, and promotes strategies to improve all levels of education and provide Americans with the knowledge and skills needed to compete in the global economy. Digital Promise is a fast- paced, growing, entrepreneurial organization that values and rewards performance, collaboration, and innovation. About the Position Digital Promise is seeking a Learning Experience Manager to support educator professional learning through direct support programs and publications. Digital Promise is committed to expanding opportunities for all educators and students to learn through authentic and empowering experiences that develop life skills from problem solving and critical thinking to computation thinking and design. We advocate for and support implementation of Challenge Based Learning, maker learning and media creation, as embedded elements of learning that all students should have the opportunity to experience in and out of school. The Learning Experience Manager will design and implement professional learning experiences both in-person and online, and design material and resources to support both student and educator learning. They will serve as a coach and network facilitator for educators engaged in Digital Promise professional learning programs. They will collaborate with administrators at participating schools and with other Digital Promise initiatives including the League of Innovative Schools and Learning Sciences Research. Responsibilities Lead professional learning workshops in person and online. Coach educators, integrating feedback and data for continuous improvement. Facilitate professional learning networks and cohorts in person and online. Design and develop constructivist learning materials including student and teacher project guides. Work with school leaders and school-based coaches to better support teachers. Qualifications Bachelor's degree plus 8 years experience as a K-12 educator and/or instructional coach at the middle or high school level. Experience creating tools, projects, and curricula for Middle and/or High School students. Experience with student-centered pedagogies designed to support deep engagement with real world challenges. . Experience working with educators and leading professional development programs. Proven abilities to manage external and internal relationships, prioritize and take action independently, and think creatively and strategically. Comfort working with others synchronously and asynchronously online, as well as in person. Strong organizational skills with an impeccable attention to detail and design. Advanced writing, communication, and copy editing skills. Comfort and facility with quickly learning new and unfamiliar tools and technologies. Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment and manage competing tasks, deadlines, requirements, and decisions. A passion for education, a team mentality, creativity, and a positive “can-do” “yes-and” spirit. Ability to travel up to 30% time. Compensation Salary and benefits will be commensurate with experience.
 Deep Learning Scientist - Yield Analytics: Position Overview: The Climate Corporation is looking for a recognized expert in deep learning to join our Yield Analytics team. At Climate we leverage big data and cloud computing to tackle real-world problems in agriculture. We bring together diverse data sources, including remote sensing, historical and forecasted weather, soil mapping, and machine layers (planting, harvest and other equipment passes) to help growers optimize decision making in order to sustainably increase farm productivity. The ideal candidate will have solid practical experience in applying deep learning and fundamental machine learning algorithms (supervised, semi- supervised, and unsupervised learning) to solve complex problems. What You Will Do: Design, build and validate scalable deep neural networks that leverage these diverse datasets to provide new insights into digital agriculture. Collaborate with engineers to deploy successful models and algorithms into production environments Write beautiful, robust, well-documented and well-tested research and library code Collaborate with a diverse team that includes statisticians, mathematicians, agricultural domain scientists, and engineers to build research pipelines and algorithms to derive valuable insights from current and new datasets Basic Qualifications: Ph.D or MS in computer science, machine learning, statistics, or a related quantitative discipline Minimum of 1 year of industry, postdoctoral, or academic research experience building, training, and validating either LSTM recurrent neural networks or convolutional neural networks Extensive programming experience in Python and related deep learning packages Excellent communication and presentation skills, and the ability to convey rigorous technical concepts and considerations to non-experts Preferred Qualifications: Proven track record in deploying machine learning algorithms to create value for business. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques A drive to solve problems, meet deadlines, and build whatever is necessary along the way A strong desire to work in a highly collaborative team environment What We Offer: Our teams are composed of industry experts, top scientists, and talented engineers. The environment is extremely engaging and fast-paced, with dozens of specialties coming together to provide the best possible products and experiences for our customers. We provide competitive salaries and some of the best perks in the industry, including: Superb medical, dental, vision, life, disability benefits, and a 401k matching program A stocked kitchen with a large assortment of snacks & drinks to get you through the day Encouragement to get out of the office and into the field with agents and farmers to see first-hand how our products are being used We take part and offer various workshops, conferences, meet-up groups, tech-talks, and hackathons to encourage participation and growth in both community involvement and career development We also hinge our cultural DNA on these five values: Inspire one another Innovate in all we do Leave a mark on the world Find the possible in the impossible Be direct and transparent Learn more about our team and our mission: The Climate Corporation - The Technology Behind Making A Difference https://youtu.be/c5TgbpE9UBI or visit https://climate.com/careers LI-TD1
Design Researcher: Design Researcher Our purpose Small business makes the world go round – it’s the heart of the global economy. At Xero we want millions of small businesses to thrive through beautiful software, advice and connections. We aim to make being a small business more efficient and profitable, and more enjoyable too. How you’ll make an impact Our team researches, analyses and shares insights about the attitudes and behaviours of people that currently use Xero, as well as those who don’t yet but might in the future. You’ll be learning about people’s lives outside of their interactions with Xero, and observing their experience using Xero. You’ll identify where people get stuck and why. You’ll help the wider business focus on the most critical user problems and opportunities that we can address – then help discern if the changes we make get the results we want. Our researchers work closely with others in the design team, engineers, and product management. You’ll join a team of 12 specialist design researchers who work within our 50-strong design team that includes product designers and content strategists. We’re spread around the globe, with people based in New Zealand, Australia and the United States. Despite the distance, we’re a tight- knit and collaborative group. What you’ll do Understand complex needs across product teams in order to design and lead research programmes that inform particular teams as well the wider product group Work with others to develop an improved understanding and impact of the role of design research in our processes Identify user needs and problems through a variety of research methods, such as: interviews, usability testing, site visits and observation, diary studies, generative research, data analysis, and others as required. Generate insights from your research. Identify different user types and profiles, based on behaviours and attitudes, usage patterns, industries, roles, locations and other relevant characteristics Communicate user problems and user needs to the wider business in a way that easily translates your insights into actionable solutions Collaborate with product and design teams to implement solutions that fix user problems and address user needs Conduct follow up research to determine the success of those solutions You enjoy the challenge of making the complex simple, and you won’t mind a bit of travel to make sure we get the best possible results What you’ll bring with you Critical competencies Designing and conducting research using a variety of methods Highly developed analytical skills – you can distill what’s important in your research and present it in ways that mean others understand too Systemic and strategic thinking – you can join up your research with other data and research we have with Xero, and with trends and data from outside Xero. Communication skills – you can effectively communicate your ideas using a variety of approaches to all levels of the business “Collegial” skills – you’re a well-organized, passionate, pragmatic and empathetic colleague, seeking to improve what we build, and how we do it Experience Experience working within or alongside design teams Experience researching for digital products You have a portfolio that shows previous work It’s time to introduce yourself: Now that we’ve caught your attention, it’s time to catch ours. Please send us your resume if you: Are passionate about selling into the emerging online accounting market and creating a beautiful accounting experience to current and future Accounting Partners. Show your passion for the human side of sales through cultivating a deep understanding of the needs of your customers and how Xero can best improve their business. Seek the challenge of complex problems, crazy-smart collaborators and a fast- paced/high growth work environment. Champion sales thinking by bringing a unique point of view while inspiring impeccable quality from others. Take ownership by driving meaningful change and deliver results with passion and purpose. _Xero is an Equal Opportunity Employer._
 Researcher: Semantic Machines is hiring a few extremely talented researchers and engineers to join our world-class team in Boston, MA and Berkeley, CA. Our team has advanced the state of the art in natural language processing, speech processing, deep learning, video game AI, and even computational historical linguistics. We have built multiple hundred million dollar companies, and created tools and libraries used by thousands of researchers around the globe. We're looking for folks who are smart, passionate, productive, and kind to join in our ambitious project. We are doing incredible work that will reshape research in dialogue systems, and we are committed to sharing that work with the community. You can expect to continue to publish the results of your research if you like. Responsibilities You will be part of an ambitious plan to reshape human-computer interaction with conversational AI. We believe that the current prevailing approaches to dialogue systems are insufficient to carry out a natural, flowing conversation. We are going to fix this. We are working on the entire dialogue “stack:” from speech recognition and analysis to dialogue state management, generation, and speech synthesis. You will work on problems related to data capture, modeling, learning, and decoding within and across the major components of our system. Because our team is small, a desire to tackle problems at every level is a huge plus. Qualifications We are looking for experienced research scientists and top graduate students/post-docs with: experience building large, production-quality NLP, speech, or deep learning systems a track record of publication in top-tier conferences or other evidence of significant contributions to this or a related field is required A PhD is required a proven ability and desire to spin up quickly on new topics and techniques commitment to seeing an idea from conception and prototyping through to deployment and production. strong software engineering and interpersonal skills Tools We're a small group, and want to use the right tools for each project. Experience in the languages & systems we're using is an asset but not a requirement; perhaps you will bring new ideas and help improve the way we work. We are currently writing in Scala/Java, Python, and C++. Our production systems, as well as our research clusters, are deployed on AWS. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Growth Specialist: With over 240 million users in 196 countries, Change.org is the world’s largest technology platform for social change. Our team spans 18 countries and empowers hundreds of millions of people to have a voice and fight injustice. We’re a social impact business, and we’re aiming to build a world where no one is powerless and where creating change is a part of everyday life. We do everything we can to look after our staff - unlimited vacation (that actually gets used), and 18 weeks parental leave are just the beginning. And best of all, our team is high impact, low ego and incredibly inspiring. About the role: We’re seeking a hands-on and highly motivated Growth Specialist to join our product team. In this role, you’ll be responsible for building, running and analyzing creative experiments across all parts of the Change.org platform. Our approach to growth is largely built around continuous and rapid experimentation. We obsess over iterative optimizations to our user experience, so our product can provide the perfect tools to win campaigns started by our users. As an experimenter you will use your creative problem solving skills to run A/B tests and drive business decisions through reliable and reproducible analyses. This is a unique opportunity to be a part of a growth team that works closely with our product, design, engineering and campaigns teams to drive significant impact for social change. The role is based in either of our San Francisco or Victoria, BC offices. Who we’re looking for: You’re a phenomenal fit for this role if you have a curious mind. You’re not afraid to ask questions and learn new things. As someone with a low ego, you listen to data even when it disproves your own point of view. You’re collaborative and enjoy working with people from diverse backgrounds and you’re able to communicate difficult concepts to others. You will thrive on this team if you are someone who can ask questions, sweat the details, continuously keep learning, and learn from others. What you’ll be doing: Driving impact - you’ll be pushing significant improvements to Change.org’s core growth, impact and revenue metrics through executing a program of rapid, continuous A/B testing such that no traffic is underutilized. Growing the community - Show us your knowledge of the growth hacking best practices. Wow us with ideas and channels we’ve never even considered. Thinking deep and acting quick - ask a lot of questions and think deeply about users, but know that time is of the essence. Generating ideas - on a daily basis you’ll be coming up with creative user assumptions to test and iterating from each previous experiment to develop key user behaviour insights Sweating the numbers - analyzing results and digging into data to understand exactly what’s working and what’s not. Articulate results and lessons simply in order to drive learning and report out improvements across the organisation. Building cross-functional leadership - No one works with more teams than you do. You’ll be working with everyone across our campaigns, operations, engineering, analytics, and design. You know their strengths and how they’ll work with you to bring in more users. You’ll also be working across multiple languages, timezones and cultures. Optimizing user experience - Rapidly execute A/B tests across key parts of the Change.org product that improves performance of the platform. In particular our email, petition creation, share content, sign page and post-sign experience. Understanding our users - You’ll constantly be trying to get inside the heads of the different users of the platform, and you’ll have demonstrated passion and capability for this in the past. Writing and producing content - You love finding exactly the right phrase or word, or finding exactly the right image to capture a concept, inspire action, and motivate. And you should also have the right eye to spot tpyos. It’s great, but not required if you have: Understanding of basic statistical concepts (like Confidence Intervals) and statistical tests for experiments & trials. Experience with SQL, Javascript and HTML/CSS Experience with A/B Testing tools (ie Optimizely, Google Optimize, etc) Experience with product design tools (Illustrator, Sketch, Invision) Interested? Great, here’s what you should know: It’s a role that is based in San Francisco or Victoria, BC. Though we are open to someone starting remotely and moving to one of those places by early Q4 2018. If you would need to relocate for the role, we could assist. Change.org is committed to being a diverse and inclusive workplace. We encourage applicants of different backgrounds, cultures, genders, experiences, abilities and perspectives to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical disability, or length of time spent unemployed. We’re working for a world where no one is powerless, and where creating change is a part of everyday life. We’re just getting started, and we hope you’ll join us. Apply for this job
 Deep Learning Systems Engineer: Job Description Magic Leap is looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive Senior Deep Learning Engineer with a strong machine learning background to help build industry-leading AI platforms. Our mission is enable the interaction and communication via Magic Leap’s device and AI technologies, including speech, machine translation, NLP, TTS, and computer vision. We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our Deep Learning team who will ideally have at least 5+ years of experience within the field and be able to hit the ground running. As part of our AI team, you will work alongside internationally recognized experts to develop novel algorithms and modeling techniques to advance the state-of-the-art in human language technology and visual perception. So if you are passionate about data-driven machine learning and hate feature engineering, then you must apply! Responsibilities: Able to work with cross-functional teams while managing and fostering junior engineers. Develop optimization methods, deep architectures, and learning tools to ease the use of feed forward and recurrent models. Qualifications: Expertise with programming languages such as C/C++, Python Experience in Industry (preferred) Strong Deep Learning expertise Experience in building AI systems, including speech recognition, machine translation, natural language processing systems, and computer vision platforms. Scientific thinking and the ability to invent, a track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the field. Good written and spoken communication skills. Education: Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Math or similar related fields (preferred) M.S. in Computer Science, Applied Math or similar related fields Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines.
 Implementation Specialist: Join a high-performing, tight-knit team in a fast-growing startup working to make hiring more transparent, collaborative, strategic, and effective. The Customer Success organization at Lever holds deep product and recruiting knowledge and is growing quickly in response to the fast-growing list of Lever customers. As an Implementation Specialist, you will be on the front lines with our customers, understanding their recruiting organizations, learning about their goals, pain points, helping them get up and running on Lever, and guiding them along the way so they can achieve the best possible outcome using Lever. Bringing your 3-5 years of relevant experience to the table, you’ll work alongside our Sales team to ensure a smooth handoff, and take over as the primary point of contact for our customers from initial setup, provisioning, and training through their rollout and adoption of Lever. You’ll train our newest customers in targeted one-on-one sessions help them setup and configure their accounts; prepare and migrate their data; and advise them in the configuration and integration of their job site. We count an implementation as successful when our customer’s account is set up, their team is trained, and they are confident in their use of Lever to meet their recruiting goals. Implementation Specialists are product experts, effective communicators, highly motivated, organized, personable and persuasive. As an Implementation Specialist working with our SMB/Corporate Customers, you will be in a high-volume customer-facing role where you will have complete control of your pipeline providing one-on-one trainings to drive adoption and utilization of the Lever platform. If the words hustle, creativity, and persistence are often associated with you, then we want to hear from you. Our perfect coworker is smart, self-directed, persuasive, empathetic, high- energy, and passionate about helping our customers. It's critical that you are product-savvy and can quickly learn how to use new tools (including Lever). We are looking for someone who knows how to manage their time effectively and can easily prioritize the tasks in front of them. If this sounds like you, drop us a line! WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU'LL: Jump into the support queue to answer 80% of basic customer questions quickly and efficiently without additional support. Learn pertinent internal tools (Google Apps, Slack, Intercom, Zoom, Salesforce, Zendesk, Lever). Dig into the recruiting world, quickly learning different recruiting team roles, interactions, activities, and metrics and how it all works with Lever. Pick up your first implementation and work, with guidance, to: assess needs, configure their account, train their team, set up their job site and coordinate the import of customer data. WITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Successfully implement accounts in 60 days or less. Be fully ramped up, managing up to 35 concurrent implementations and taking 15 customers live with Lever each month. Be fully versed in Lever tools keeping essential customer data organized and tracking all your interactions with customers. Become a subject matter expert in one aspect of Lever and the related recruiting activities, supporting other Implementation Specialists including building out training materials based on that subject. Create urgency, instill confidence, and provide fantastic customer service as you guide recruiting professionals through the initial setup, provisioning and their early adoption stage of Lever at their company. Successfully transform and import customer data into Lever. WITHIN 6 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Continue to manage a high volume of accounts post-sale, through the implementation process to ensure the successful adoption of Lever. Make emails/calls each day to drive urgency, engagement and utilization. Develop tactics to increase adoption and utilization within your pipeline. Meet and exceed monthly metrics and objectives. Drive conversations with recruiting professionals to identify and document real obstacles hindering their adoption of Lever – your insight will help drive changes and new features and improve future success. Provide input for overall implementation process improvements. Get involved in hiring and growing the team by evaluating/interviewing candidates. Help train new Implementation Specialists. Continuously learn and maintain your expert product knowledge as the Lever platform evolves and grows. Depending on your interest and performance, work with your manager to start progressing towards your next role: one as a Customer Success Manager, a Senior Implementation Specialist or a member of the management team. WITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU'LL: Mentor new hires and teach best practices to lead the team towards future success. Deepen knowledge of tactics to increase adoption and utilization within your accounts and share across the team. Identify gaps within our processes, propose solutions and execute to continue raising the bar on the team. IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Sign up to stay in touch, we’ll let you know when we have new positions on the team. THE LEVER STORY Lever builds modern recruiting software for teams to source, interview, and hire top talent. Our team strives to set a new bar for enterprise software with modern, well-designed, real-time apps. We participated in Y Combinator in summer 2012, and since then have raised $73 million. As the applicant tracking system of choice for Netflix, Eventbrite, ClearSlide, change.org, and thousands more leading companies, Lever means you hire the best by hiring together. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. Take an inside look into life at Lever.
 Executive Assistant: Job Description Square is looking for a detail oriented, creative, reliable individual to join the Executive Assistant team, supporting our top executives and their teams. Our Executive Assistants are the glue that holds everything together - from calendaring and travel to reporting processes and team support, you will have the opportunity to participate in a wide variety of confidential and strategic tasks to support Square’s objectives and take us to the next level. We are looking for someone with an innate passion for learning, who enjoys taking on new tasks and projects, and who excels at being mindful of details in an energetic, fast paced environment. You will: Maintain sensitive and complex calendars, requiring coordination with both internal and external executives and assistants Schedule domestic and international travel, with the impeccable attention to detail that complex travel booking requires Ensure your executive is prepared for all meetings and events, and assist with preparation of presentation materials Find new and efficient ways to create and maintain systems and processes to help maximize your executive’s time, including weekly reporting, goal setting, and team meetings Prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously, proactively identifying gaps and taking full responsibility for each project Develop a deep understanding of the team and field requests and inquiries from members, making a point to be available and approachable to everyone Demonstrate composure and flexibility, regardless of competing priorities Qualifications You have: Experience handling a wide range of administrative and executive support tasks and projects, and communicating with all types of people Extraordinary organizational skills, and appreciation for the challenges of supporting a growing team of diverse personalities and programs The ability to work with team members at all levels, sometimes under pressure, while remaining proactive, resourceful and efficient, with a high level of professionalism and discretion Expert level written, verbal communication, and computer skills including the ability to use Gmail, Google Docs/Sheets/Forms, and Keynote Additional Information At Square, our purpose is to empower – within and outside of our walls. In order to build the best tools for the businesses and customers we support all over the world, we have to start at home with a workforce as diverse and empowered as our sellers. To this end, we take great care to evaluate all employees and job applicants equally, based on merit, competence, and qualifications. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply and always consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)squareup.com. We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible.
 Data Scientist - Machine Learning / Deep Learning Specialist: Upstart is the first lending platform to leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning to price credit and automate the borrowing process. Our engineering and data science teams collaborate to use non-conventional variables at scale in an underwriting model that improves constantly. After exciting success over the past few years, Upstart is looking to double down on its competitive advantage by expanding its data science team! Underwriting more accurately and using variables that no other lender considers are what allow us to give people the rates they deserve, so your role at Upstart will drastically impact our company's success. Our current Data Scientists summarize some of their favorite aspects of our team as: Having a direct impact on the company's success Collaborative, intelligent, and open team Mentorship, growth, and friendship Leader committed to challenging and growing team members Feeling safe asking for help when it’s necessary; feeling trusted to get the job done when it’s not We are looking for a machine learning/deep learning specialist that enjoys working in a very fast-paced environment. Because our challenges are so new, this person will need to have strong creative problem solving skills and the technical background to implement such solutions. If you think that this could be the right role for you, we would like to learn more about you. Requirements: Solid grasp of the math of machine learning -- you should be comfortable thinking about optimization functions, linear algebra, etc. as we develop custom learning algorithms Proficient at programming in Python or R Fluency in data manipulation (SQL, Spark, Pandas) Experience with machine learning tools such as scikit-learn, XGBoost, and Keras/Tensorflow Familiarity with CNNs, RNN, LSTMs, and the latest research trends 2+ years professional experience developing and implementing machine learning models M.S. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or related field; Ph.D. preferred Applying to a Data Science role at Upstart: Please apply through our website and only apply to the one position that is the best fit with your skills. If you have applied within the past year, there is no need to apply again. We're currently reviewing all previous applications. We also consider candidates for all levels of Data Science roles when candidates apply.
Deep Learning Scientist: Deep Learning Data Scientist San Francisco Harnham are currently partnering with a market leading business, disrupting their industry and generating substantial impact through the implementation of Deep Learning solutions in their continued growth of a best-in-class Data Science team. Based out of the East Bay, with panoramic views overlooking the Bay, you'll be working with an innovative, AI first, Data Science team backed by one of the largest PE firms in the world. If you're someone who wants to work in a collaborative environment, where you'll see your work go into production and make substantial changes, while directly benefiting from the value that you generate. This is the place for you. YOUR ROLE AS DEEP LEARNING DATA SCIENTIST : Design and implement deployable deep learning solutions that have genuine enterprise level impact. Evaluate and deliver visionary solutions to apply to various business problems, focusing on adding value and AI led automation. Work with non technical stakeholders on the development and execution of product decisions and launches. Identify promising new areas for continued research & development. SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: PhD in a quantitative discipline such as: Statistics, Maths, Computer Science or Engineering (Master's degree considered) At least 3 years of experience of working with Deep learning methodologies Extensive experience and understanding of Machine Learning Techniques Experience of working with Hadoop, Pig or Hive Prior exposure to NLP methodologies & toolkits would be a plus World Class communication skills THE BENEFITS: A base salary of between $175,000 - $200,000 as well as a performance related annual bonus and a first of it's kind incentive program with potentially limitless upside. HOW TO APPLY: Please register your interest in this Senior Data Scientist role by sending your résumé via the' Apply' link on this page. KEYWORDS Data Science, Data Scientist, Deep Learning, Tensorflow, Neural Networks, Big Data, R, SQL, Python, Insight, Analytics, Data, Statistics, Modeling, Machine Learning, Algorithms, Bayesian
Content Moderator: Premier's East Bay contract team is looking for a temporary content moderator for our client, a community focused photo company in downtown Oakland. The ideal candidate will have experience monitoring and moderating content on a social platform as well as a passion for photography and the visual arts. Daily you will: Review and moderate media including profiles, photos, and videos Provide ongoing policy and product feedback to improve the quality and efficiency of our moderation software Provide feedback to the Machine Learning team to improve image models Be empowered to provide feedback and recommendations to our policies and abuse standards Handle inquiries about sensitive topics that require strong empathy and tact Must haves: Previous work in content moderation, or trust and safety Acute judgement for content that may or may not violate our platforms Terms of Use Tasks require being able to view objectionable user generated content Nice to haves: Experience using Zendesk or similar helpdesk applications Rudimentary knowledge of spreadsheets like Excel or Google Sheets Customer Support experience A deep appreciation for photography and the visual arts
 Global Learning Technology and Tools Lead, CommOps: We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role At Uber, providing world class support to our partners (riders, drivers and restaurants) is central to our success. Building the capability of our support teams to provide consistently elevated levels of service to our partners is incredibly challenging, complex and satisfying. The technology and infrastructure required to deliver learning to Community Operations Teams worldwide needs to be powerful, effective and leading-edge. We are looking for a leader to develop and implement a strategy and plan to introduce learning technologies and tools that give our agents access to the learning, knowledge and know-how they need to perform in their roles and develop their careers. Your passion for technology-enabled learning combined with your experience in experimenting with the implementation of innovative learning technology approaches and solutions is what sets you apart from your peers. What You’ll Do Working closely with regional learning teams, you will develop a Learning Technology Strategy to support the delivery of learning experiences aligned to the opportunities and limitations of our unique learning environments. Improve and introduce technology to enable a more efficient execution of processes related to the end-to-end Learning and Development life-cycle, including training needs analyses, assessments, content development and delivery, tracking, reporting and measurement. Improve and introduce learning content design software, standards and governance processes to enable the rapid development of digital learning and elearning solutions. Develop a technology-enabled strategy for multimedia content development, including eLearning, graphic design, social-learning, video, photo and audio production. Evaluate current LMS / LCMS solutions and work to improve or source and deploy new systems Establish a partner strategy for sourcing strategic technology partnerships and manage relationships with vendors and third parties Introduce new learning technologies and processes that support Live Learning Events, Social-Learning, Gamification and Virtual Classroom experiences. Own and manages all key learning technologies Research and review industry data to keep ahead of emerging strategies and trends in learning technology to continually improve our approach to designing and delivering learning experiences. What You’ll Need Degree qualified with minimum 5 years learning technology specific experience Deep Learning Technology, Systems and Processes subject matter expertise Strong project management skills Experience in implementing LMS / LCMS Demonstrated ability to deliver large-scale programs across multiple geographies Excellent written, verbal, and visual communication skills with fine attention to detail Bonus Points if Experience with implementing Social Learning Platforms
 Associate: Meet Marx|Okubo. Are you someone that has insatiable curiosity, always digging deeper to understand or innovate? Do you thrive when collaborating with others? Founded over 35 years ago, Marx|Okubo is an employee-owned architecture, engineering and construction consulting firm with nine offices across the country. We work with real estate owners, investors and lenders—at every point of the property lifecycle—to evaluate their building projects, solve complex challenges and implement tailored solutions. We help clients understand their projects’ complexities so they can make more informed decisions and, ultimately, mitigate their risk. Because of our need to uncover details with a 360-view, as well as continually evolve and hold ourselves—and the industry—to a higher standard, we have earned a reputation as “the gold standard” in what we do. Here at Marx|Okubo, we are a team of collaborative, bright and seasoned architects, engineers, construction and real estate professionals, with projects nationwide. We have broad technical expertise, yet deep local knowledge. We value collaboration, and we never stop learning. We truly value our different backgrounds and what each individual brings to the team. We genuinely care about and get to know our clients. And we care about balance—we are family-focused and work hard and play hard. As for loyalty, it is never lost on us and gets rewarded in many ways. What’s more? Our benefits happen to be some of the most progressive and competitive you will find in the industry. Here are a few highlights: Vested in you : As we are an ESOP, each employee owns a portion of the company. Planning for your future : We have a 30% match on 401(k) contributions. Staying healthy : We contribute 100% of employee health premiums. Commitment to your growth : We want to see our employees grow—when new positions arise, existing employees are considered first. Supporting education : We encourage continuing education and provide education/licensure/ tuition benefits. Position description An associate is a licensed architect, engineer or construction manager, and is responsible for understanding all aspects of the project being reviewed relative to its scope and client requirements. Act as technical team member and small project lead. Collaborate with the client, internal team, consultants and site contact; ultimately be responsible for an overall understanding of their project. Review and analyze building construction and condition. Review and analyze contract documents including drawings, specifications, contracts and budgets. Perform construction monitoring and property condition assessments. Preparation of formal reports. Our work covers most commercial building types, including office, retail, industrial, hotel/hospitality and multifamily. Desired skills and experience Bachelor’s degree in architecture, civil engineering, construction management or related field is required. Minimum 5 years of industry-related experience at an architecture, engineering or construction company. Technical level of understanding of most building types in order to perform services of the organization with limited supervision. Good understanding of construction processes and activities. Construction administration experience. Solid understanding of building materials and methods. Ability to work under deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Solid understanding of the technical aspects of building enclosures, structures, and systems. Knowledge of construction contract types and forms. Proficient in Microsoft Office, particularly Word and Excel. Proficient in AutoCAD, Bluebeam, Plan Grid and Box. Strong organizational skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. To apply, please submit your resume on our Career Center. Copy and paste this URL https://workforcenow.adp.com/jobs/apply/posting.html?client=marxokubo &ccId;=19000101_000001&type;=JS〈=en_US
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Senior Professional Learning Specialist: IXL Learning, a leading edtech company with products used by 7 million students worldwide, is seeking an enthusiastic individual who has a passion for integrating technology and best practice instruction into schools and classroom to help all students achieve results. As Senior Professional Learning Specialist, you will deliver high quality professional learning sessions (virtual and on-site) and services with a focus on supporting district administrators, building principals and other school leaders. You’ll also serve as a beacon of insight into current education trends, and help develop creative strategies for how schools and districts can use IXL to support those initiatives and achieve their instructional goals. We are looking for a candidate who is highly organized, strategic, well- spoken, polished, and wants to be part of a collaborative, high-energy team. Additionally, our ideal candidate possesses a deep commitment to professional development best practice that equally supports teacher impact and company sales success. What You'll Be Doing Deliver high quality live and virtual professional development sessions to customers to drive customer engagement and usage of IXL Travel domestically to deliver impactful professional development sessions to schools and districts – up to 50% possible travel Develop professional development materials that help schools and districts use IXL to support current instructional strategies and trends Serve as a thought leader on hot topic education issues in addition to well-established pedagogical frameworks Represent IXL as a keynote speaker at education/edtech conferences Partner with Customer Success and Sales team members to effectively manage and grow customer relationships Support school- and district-level sales opportunities as needed What We're Looking For 7+ years of educational professional development experience MUST either have experience as a school- or district-level administrator, OR have had extensive experience delivering PD to these audiences Experience teaching in a K-12 setting Exceptional presentation skills Familiarity with web-based technologies to support instruction Excellent interpersonal skills - dynamic, enthusiastic, upbeat individual who connects well with others and has a positive, collaborative attitude Organized, methodical, and detail-oriented; ability to prioritize and effectively manage multiple projects and tasks concurrently, from start to finish Ability to work both independently and as part of a team Self-starter and quick learner with a passion for improving education through technology Experience using Salesforce.com, Google Apps, and WebEx products About IXL IXL Learning is a leading educational technology company on a big mission: delivering an immersive learning experience to all students, in all grades and subjects, in schools and homes worldwide. With 1 in 8 U.S. students already learning on IXL (answering over 50 million questions every day!), IXL inspires educators and learners around the world and is changing how students feel about learning and about themselves.
Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Offshore Learning Operations Program Lead: We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is the prevalent feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. To support our mission, we’re looking for an Offshore Learning Operations Program lead to work alongside our US & Canada Regional Community Operations Learning Team. This multi-faceted role requires the critical thinking and proficiency to build and establish a learning strategy for our outsourced support network and deliver extraordinary partnership and communication to internal teams and business partners. We are looking for experts with experience in the Learning and Development and with a keen interest in utilizing strategic and quality driven thinking. This role is about building a strong foundation for learning processes and interaction with our largest network of support. What You’ll Do Advising key stakeholders and NorthAm Community Operations business partners on how to create a quality training partnership with outsource support vendors Collaborating closely with our internal business partners to launch and scale business needs Define strategy for certification of outsourced support learning program members (partners) and approach to ensuring support staff is properly supported Create standard process for launch, continuous learning, and learning led quality initiatives Manage and develop team of 3+ Learning Delivery Specialists dedicated to our outsourced support network Report to internal and external business stakeholders on key data and progress What You’ll Need Bachelor’s Degree with 5+ year experience building, managing, or supporting professional learning programs. Support center experience preferred Willingness to travel, internationally and domestically, at least 25% of the time Ability to navigate multiple priorities and stakeholders effectively Strong planning and organizational skills Deep knowledge of organizational behavior and how to make changes uinge formal and informal channels Enthusiasm for taking on problems and devising creative, bold solutions Excitement for learning new tools and technology Comfort managing a remote team that supports on-the-ground efforts Bonus Points if Remote management experience Project Management certification Master’s or graduate degree in a learning focused program About the Team The Regional Community Operations Learning Team and Community Operations organization are the driving force behind our customer support. These teams are focused on ensuring we’re delivering business driven results, and that those supporting these efforts are properly prepared.
Office Admin / Receptionist: Mutual Mobile is a world leading agency in mobile and emerging technology innovation and we are looking for an accomplished Front Desk Host to join our team! As a Front Desk Host at Mutual Mobile, you’ll be both the face and the organizational heart of office operations. You’ll excel in this position if you’ve finely tuned your organizational skills; can manage office systems and processes with excellence and efficiency; are comfortable multi-tasking and don’t mind the inevitable interruptions that come with a busy office; and love to party plan and the excitement that comes with interacting with vendors. You will be responsible for: Greeting vendors, customers, job applicants and other visitors Scheduling appointments and working with Google Calendar Making room reservations Receiving and distributing mail from FedEx, UPS and USPS Qualifying and forwarding messages from vendors, prospective partners and the general public Executive assistant duties for C-level staff, as needed Keeping the office stocked with supplies Keeping 12 conference rooms tidy and stocked with supplies Working closely with our Impact Team to ensure that we have one of the best places to work Contacting and soliciting bids from outside service providers You should be: Quick learner A self-starter Confident Full-time (9-5, M-F) availability Self-motivated and able to adapt to work well both solo and on a team Requirements: Minimum High School diploma, prefer one year of college or equivalent in related field Preferred 2 years prior general clerical/receptionist experience Detail oriented High attention to etiquette Familiar with Mac, Google Mail and Google Calendar Customer service focus Proven communication and interpersonal skills Ability to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment Why work for Mutual Mobile? We make great products. We craft beautiful mobile interfaces and solve complex software challenges. Clients such as HEB, Google, lynda.com, Citi, Nike, and Under Armour come to us for our deep experience in mobile and emerging technology — from establishing a mobile strategy that provides impactful business value, to building those solutions from the ground up. We bring together the brightest minds in interactive & visual design, engineering, and business management to deliver solutions that actually matter. You’ll love working here, because this isn’t a company of silos. Team members are empowered and encouraged to pursue cool ideas, think for themselves, and make mistakes. If your passion extends beyond the role, we’ll invite your views and assistance with improving our culture, systems and processes. We know you’re smart, and that you love learning new technologies--so you’ll be able to work on a variety of projects with many different types of people.
 Visa University Learning Design and Innovation Manager: Job Description Imagine yourself leading the design of innovative experiences that transform the learning culture of Visa. This is an incredible opportunity to shape some of the most highly visible initiatives inside one of the world’s most valuable brands, including strategic learning programs. About Us: We are a startup within a large global organization. We combine data, subject-matter expertise, intuition and common sense to develop the most effective solutions for the business. We like to prototype, launch and evaluate. We are comfortable learning from our mistakes. About You: Mindset and Attitude You are innovative, agile and care deeply about the learner experience. You are resilient, flexible and view false starts, changing priorities and constructive feedback as opportunities, not setbacks. You have a solutions-oriented approach and find challenges to be an energizing way to flex your creative problem-solving skills. You have a global mindset and are skilled at developing relationships across levels and geographies. Responsibilities: Employ agile development approaches and human-centered design to manage the creation of meaningful and effective learning experiences (including instructor-led, online, mobile, social, microlearning, gaming, and mixed reality). Collaborate with design partners, stakeholders, subject-matter experts and vendors to create and deliver exceptional learning experiences. Seamlessly incorporate recommendations based on evaluation data into the design and maintenance process. Conduct reviews to ensure quality of learning materials, experiences and programs. Curate and create online learning paths. Clearly articulate rationale for learning approaches based on sound learning science, adult learning principles, interoperability standards, web accessibility standards, and human-centered design. Create learning products that boost employee performance and happiness. Qualifications Qualifications Master’s Degree in Instructional Design and Technology, Learning Sciences, Adult Education, other related discipline, or equivalent education and experience. Five-plus years of experience designing innovative learning products for corporate clients. Deep knowledge of instructional design including needs assessment, participant and program evaluation, curriculum design and development. Demonstrated experience with design and development of innovative instructor-led training, eLearning, social learning, microlearning, learning games, virtual/augmented reality, etc. Expertise with effective use of technology in the classroom and the design of synchronous distance learning solutions, including video-conferencing, webinars, etc. Expertise leveraging agile product management principles to lead learning design projects. Ability to create high-impact instructional materials, technical and non-technical reports, presentations, and briefings. Demonstrated ability to influence peers, leaders and key stakeholders. Experience curating content. Proficient leveraging content-authoring tools (e.g. Articulate Storyline). Expertise with Learning Management Systems (LMS). Strong business acumen, analytical and problem-solving skills. Additional Information Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 Downtown Shops Crew Member: We are on the hunt for fun , welcoming , mindful , and refreshing people who are full of vitality and strive to be exceptional. At JuiceLand we work hard for the best quality, and we laugh while we hustle. We welcome singing and dancing on the job! Where else can you leave work smelling like fruit and veggie freshness? We welcome diversity, we LOVE our customers, and we continuously invent new delicious recipes! We are constantly evolving and above all, we support and respect each other. If you feel like you would thrive in our hashtag fresh environment, then come help us make drinks come true! What will you be doing, you ask? Cashier duties: blowing customers minds with your product knowledge and backing up your coworkers by keeping the store stocked and clean. Food prep: slicing and dicing all those delicious fruits and veggies (Omnom!) Drinkmaking: masterfully crafting our delicious drinks with superhero like speed and accuracy (because you are the superhero to our customers) Working at JuiceLand aint easy all the time, but you will be fully trained for success! You should be prepared to hustle and to be on your feet for your whole shift. Please complete the FULL application, and be ready to give us CLEAR and ACCURATE availability. Compensation: hourly + tips = $12.50 GUARANTEED MINIMUM We also offer some sweet employee perks and programs! Health benefits for full-time employees $10 JuiceLand credit every day you work a shift Discounted Castle Hill membership Fresh4Life - employees can apply to receive $2,000 to put towards their personal goals (3 recipients per year) tribecalledquench Instagram feature - we feature employees who cultivate JuiceLand’s core values in everyday life with a professional photo and a personal quote. You are applying for the DOWNTOWN region, which includes our shops at Barton Springs, Deep Eddy, Cesar Chavez, MLK, Frost, and S. 1st. Qualifications What do you need to lock down this juicy life? A Texas certified Food Handlers License Reliable transportation A positive and customer focused attitude An interest in learning about alternative health, nutrition, and superfoods If you really wanna impress us: a short cover letter explaining why you want to become a JuiceLander Documentation proving you are legally able to work in the U.S. (Photo I.D. + Social Security Card/Birth Certificate OR Passport)
 Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Services Advisor - The Domain: Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all of our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Our Services Advisors are experts in showcasing and interacting with Microsoft devices and software, providing world class service at our Answer Desk in-store. Through these customer engagements, Services Advisors help both consumer and business customers to see what is possible with technology, ultimately empowering them to achieve more through one to one support, personal training sessions, and small group workshops. Responsibilities Customer Obsession Empathetically assess customer support needs through listening, diagnosing, and repairing their devices, helping customers discover, use, and love Microsoft hardware, software, and services\ Deliver collaborative and enrichening one-on-one training sessions to both consumer and business customers, helping them acquire the skills needed to enhance their knowledge around our products and services Technological Capability Identify and communicate potentially complex repair situations to store leadership as appropriate, maximizing time efficiency in resolution with a high-level attention to detail Continuously maintain technical knowledge by learning through others, along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Drive for Results Proactively assess customer’s needs and recommend complete solutions that enhances their overall customer experience Takes responsibility in delivering on commitments and seeks positive results that benefit customers, both externally and internally Collaboration Feel empowered to engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in our customers lives Combines resources and joins efforts with teammates to achieve store and company goals Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Qualifications Required Qualifications 1 year as a computer technician or helpdesk support or 1 year in a computer or technology education program Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Strong verbal & written communication skills and a high-level attention to detail Thrive in a fast-paced team oriented, dynamic, public-facing environment driven to achieve results Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative service environment Previous technology/product/software teaching or training experience Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Sales Consultant - Comp: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Sales Consultant - HT, Gaming, Ent: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Sales Consultant, Home Theater, Appliances, Gaming, and Entertainment: What does a Best Buy Sales Consultant in Home Theater, Appliances, Gaming, and Entertainment do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. Best Buy Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services, working closely with other members of the sales team. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self development. Then, armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy shopping experience, ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Sales Consultants deliver unique customer value by developing strong relationships with customers, bringing them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. Would you like to dream up a theatrical experience for others to enjoy? Would you like to help make someone’s life easier with new time-saving appliances? Make those dreams a reality as a Sales Consultant in our Home Business Group. 80% of your time you will: Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where customers feel supported and leave delighted. Inspire customers by showing them what’s possible with technology. Accumulate and apply the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development, enabling you to provide an excellent customer shopping experience. 20% of your time you will: Use innovative training tools to stay current, confident and complete, driving profitable growth and achieving individual and department goals. Maintain your department’s merchandising and readiness to serve customers. Back up the sales team for phone and store pickup. Perform other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Procurement Specialist: Procurement Specialist Requisition ID: 1706501 Description Position Summary As a Procurement Specialist you will use your ability to develop supplier relationships, creativity and problem solving skills to ensure a timely and high-quality supply of materials into our ISO9001:2008-certified Cedar Park, TX facility. You will accomplish this by collaborating with your Materials peers, several engineering communities (applications, manufacturing, sustaining, intercompany, software), and the supply chain community (planning, order fulfillment, manufacturing) to understand supply problems, identify root causes, and drive implementation of solutions. Keys to Hiring The best Procurement Specialists are able to proactively monitor supplier performance and identify problems, define solutions, and optimize quality, reliability, price, delivery, and availability. They possess a good balance of hands-on technical competency, particularly with ERP systems, coupled with the ability to learn and apply new knowledge about our people, products, and processes in resolving problems. They are comfortable with addressing a wide variety problems, seeking to understand the problem thoroughly before suggesting changes or solutions. The best Procurement Specialist’s skills are evident through past problems solved and the implementation of new methods and systems with measurable results. Prioritization and managing numerous suppliers (10-25) and hundreds of products is an essential aspect of good Procurement Specialists. You will own a mix of standard off-the-shelf and custom, application-specific electrical and mechanical products supplied by established distributors and specialty manufacturers. You are comfortable with identifying and establishing sources of supply for new products, as well as finding alternatives for obsolete, discontinued or single sourced items. Performance Objectives Primary Objective : The most important performance objective for this position is to establish and own the on time delivery, lead time, quality, and cost of the products in your area of responsibility. Secondary Objective : During the first 90 days, you will focus on gaining in-depth knowledge of our ERP system (JD Edwards, JDE) as well as our engineering document system (Teamcenter). This knowledge will be crucial to your ability to perform daily and to identify and drive future improvements. Role Navigation within Cedar Park : During the first 30 days, you will meet all key stakeholders within Cedar Park Materials, and spend time with the Manufacturing Engineers, Planners, Order Management, and Warehouse/Shipping/Receiving to learn the processes of each group. Along the way you will note the problems they currently observe. Technical Competencies : First 30 days: Meet and get to know your fellow Materials team members. Obtain and learn basic reporting and information gathering skills in Teamcenter and JDE ERP. Begin processing JDE ERP-generated purchase requisitions. Begin processing Item Attribute Reviews (IARs, creating or updating purchased part parameters in JDE). Begin meeting and interacting with your suppliers. You will be the primary contact for your group of suppliers. Begin utilizing standard purchasing maintenance and communication tools as part of the supply chain management process: o Learn to use the Sales Order Shortage Report to identify and initiate critical SO reschedule activity. o Learn to use system generated exception reports to identify and initiate vendor follow-up and maintenance activity. Next 90 days: Get to know your peers in the Focused Factories and in Scheduling, Order Fulfillment, Engineering, and Quality Gain deep understanding of the performance of your suppliers. Learn about and begin seeking improvements in supplier performance. Seek improvement in your own performance (aging requisitions, amount of goods in MRB, open PO’s needing review, etc.). Develop deep understanding of your products and their applications. At 120 days and beyond: Begin making changes based on the learning derived from the first 6 months, working closely with your Materials peers. Monitor your supplier key performance indicators (KPI’s) for evidence of positive change. Receive feedback as you execute the Plan, Do, Check, Act cycle. Drive for excellence in results with your group of suppliers. Qualifications Address major problems, changes, and improvements : Some critical problems to solve and necessary improvements within the Procurement department involve Item Attribute maintenance, workload balance, and controlling and reversing growth of purchased part inventories. You will begin by reviewing key item parameters (lot size, lead time, source of supply, dangerous goods classification). You will also review quality issues by participating in the Material Review Board (MRB) process, initiate returns/credits with suppliers as appropriate, and work with Quality team peers to identify root cause and countermeasures to address those issues. You will understand the balance between cost, quantities, delivery frequency, lead time, and inventory turns, and seek to optimize these competing factors. Effective collaboration with Master Scheduling, Planners, and recognized ERP system experts will be critical to successfully managing these factors. In the future, you will continue solving a wide range of problems that tie back to our safety, quality, delivery, cost, and innovation goals. Along the way, you will develop a broad understanding of how we create value, as well as deep knowledge of specific people, processes, and products. Each learning cycle will build upon and complement your past experience. This will be evidenced by your successful management of your suppliers. Thinking Skills and Decision Making: A good Procurement Specialist has the ability to identify problems, think tactically/technically, solve problems and implement solutions. You will always seek to deeply understand why the current state exists (why certain parts were selected, etc.). You recognize there are many ways to solve problems, and you address well-defined and poorly-defined problems by selecting the appropriate problem solving schema. You will work independently, but with constant interaction with your peers. You demonstrate fact-based decision making, and expect the same from others. Personality and Interpersonal Skills: You are an advocate for NOV in working with our suppliers. You demonstrate the willingness and ability to solve problems in an office setting as well as on the shop floor. You understand that people, processes, and products are deeply intertwined, and you understand the importance of all three. You exhibit a “won’t take no for an answer” attitude, and have the ability to regroup and attack the problem in a different manner if faced with a “no”. You will learn and apply structured conflict resolution methods to maintain a smooth supply of materials with minimal disruptions. You successfully balance patience while understanding a problem or process, with urgency while driving improvements. You act as a defender, supporter, and advocate for NOV in supplier price and delivery negotiations. You enjoy being a subject matter expert, and believe continuous learning is an essential part of who you are. You are accomplishment-oriented, and gain satisfaction from learning by doing. Additional Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in relevant field Supply chain experience (min 5 yrs.) as a buyer, procurement specialist, or purchasing coordinator. Comprehensive understanding of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems, supply chain theory and concepts, and Excel. JDE experience is a plus. Lean manufacturing knowledge is a plus. Strong communicator with the ability to negotiate effectively with vendors. Strong analytical skills; comfortable assessing supply chain inventory and cost scenarios. Strong desire to share best practices with peers Impeccable attention to detail. Strong desire to learn, seek improvement, and tackle the most impactful supply chain challenges. Strong team player with the ability to effectively work and communicate with peers in Quality, Purchasing, Planning, Manufacturing, Sales, Engineering, and other functional areas. Ability to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic business environment. APICS or other supply chain certification is a plus. Job : Purchasing Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Job Posting :
Business Expert - The Domain (Full Time): As a Microsoft Retail Store employee, you have the unique opportunity to impact our company's mission every single day. Microsoft Retail Stores are the hub of cutting-edge devices and services, providing our customers the opportunity to immerse themselves in the latest and greatest in technology solutions that fit into their everyday lifestyle. As a member of our global Stores team, we value your unique perspective, background, experiences, talents and abilities. We are seeking store teammates who will make authentic connections and provide world-class service to our consumer and small to medium size business customers who come from all walks of life. These connections transform them into Microsoft-brand fans. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam The Product Advisor-Business Expert is instrumental in supporting the growth of commercial sales in our retail stores. This role works closely with the Business Sales Specialist (BSS) and Community Development Specialist (CDS) in driving business results, small to medium size business (SMB) program initiatives, & expanding the existing customer base through peer and customer engagements. Business Experts will spend their time influencing, inspiring and shaping the SMB culture and processes in the store, while assisting with the growth and management of accounts. Our experts lead with world class customer service and empower our customers to achieve more through device and software utilization. Responsibilities Customer Obsession Help business and commercial customers discover, buy, use, and love Microsoft technology solutions and services that meets and exceeds their individual and business needs Evangelize commercial product offerings through in-store experiences and learning engagements Build on increased utilization with devices customers own and love in the office, on the go while mobile, and at home Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Drive for Results Continuously building your level of knowledge around commercial devices and services while articulating the Microsoft Stores value proposition to our customers Utilize analytical and organizational skills by maintaining meticulous reporting and records in the store's customer relationship management (CRM) database Maintain a sense of urgency and accuracy when creating customer quotations and technology recommendations under the oversight and guidance of the Store Manager and BSS Influencing for Impact Empower and engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to drive business impact in the SMB space, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Possesses the ability to persuade positive business outcomes through in-store interactions with customers and team mates’ Foster SMB relationships locally through events that illuminate brand awareness within our community Collaboration Act as the business liaison to all team mates on training and learning of our commercial products and services as well as monitor the learning progress on commercial initiatives in partnership with the in-store Retail Learning Specialist (RLS) and BSS. Distill information collected on important initiatives and learnings from weekly Microsoft Direct Business Sales calls; communicating takeaways and action items with in-store teams Qualifications Required Qualifications 1+ year’s retail sales or customer service experience Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Retail leadership experience Commercial sales generation and/or account management experience Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative sales environment Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Project Team Specialist - Overnight (Austin TX): What does a Best Buy Project Team Specialist (Overnight) do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. They use their merchandising and technical skills to complete the tasks associated with Remodels, New Store Openings, Special Projects, and other company initiatives as assigned. This position will involve travel away from home and overnight shifts up to 75% of the year. Job responsibilities include: Complete merchandising tasks, which includes planogram assignments, clean presentations, implementing fixtures, signage and product security devices Set new and relocated planograms and graphics to merchandising standards, completes planogram checklist and proper filing procedures Build new product displays and implement new technology displays Maintain upkeep of store displays and assist store team with fixture and technology functionality Assist Project Team Lead with the training of new Project Team members through job shadowing and sharing of best practices What are the professional requirements of a Project Team Specialist (Overnight)? Basic Qualifications: Must be at least 18 years of age Must be able to travel Must be able to lift and move up to 50lbs Must be willing and able to work overnight shifts Preferred Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent 3 months retail sales or merchandising experience What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Connected Devices Sales Consultant: What does a Best Buy Connected Devices Sales Consultant do? Do you love listening to the latest tunes through your portable headphones? Or, using a wearable to track the amount of physical activity you perform in a day? If you think it would be fun to sell these products check out the Best Buy Connected Devices Sales Consultant role. Best Buy Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services and work closely with other sales team members. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development. Armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy experience; ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Sales Consultants develop strong relationships with customers and bring them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. The Best Buy Sales Consultant engages customers by utilizing selling skills to build the right solutions for our customers. They will sell a broad range of products and services including health and fitness, head phones and portable speakers using a proven structured approach while at the same time developing in-depth knowledge of the latest technology. Job responsibilities include: Provide personalized service and exceptional expertise for customers. Handle all aspects of the sale including customer contracts and warranties, customer payments, cash and credit card/check transactions. Develop, maintain and communicate strong, up-to-date knowledge of health and fitness, head phones and portable speakers products, accessories, pricing plans and service features. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Member Solutions Associate: Member Solutions Associates know how to build and maintain relationships. They focus on managing relationships with GLG’s Council Members: 425,000 former C-suite executives, academics, scientists, policy specialists, former public sector leaders and other top professionals. Member Solutions Associates interface with Council Members daily to strengthen their relationship with, and understanding of, GLG. Member Solutions Associates thrive in a fast-paced environment, multitasking between various responsibilities. They are curious individuals who are excited about a communication-driven role and problem solving with business and investment leaders. Whether it is walking the CEO of a Fortune 1000 company through GLG’s project workflow and payment platform or chatting with a new Council Member about building out her profile via our online chat feature, the Member Solutions Associate role is an exciting entry-level position in a growing global firm. GLG currently has the following Member Solutions Associate openings: Member Solutions Associate – Portuguese and Spanish Language Skills Member Solutions Associates with Portuguese and Spanish language skills will be aligned with Council Members located in Latin America. In addition to interacting with Latin American Council Members, in this role the Member Solutions Associate will work closely with GLG’s Latin American focused Research team. Member Solutions Associate – North American and Western European-based Council Members Member Solutions Associate will be aligned with Council Members located in North America and Western European-based Council Members. In addition to interacting with Council Members in these geographies, the Member Solutions Associate will work closely with GLG’s North American Financial Services Research team. Key Responsibilities: As a Member Solutions Associate, each day will present a variety of inquiries from both Council Members and colleagues requiring critical thinking and creative problem-solving skills. You will learn to master the Council Member relationship workflow while developing business acumen, time-management skills, professionalism, negotiation and communication skills. In our open and collaborative workspace, you will communicate with colleagues across multiple GLG teams in a friendly, idea-sharing, and support-driven manner. Complete a fast-paced training program that leads to client/end-market and industry alignment Interact with GLG Council Members and address their inquiries, via email, telephone, and live chat regarding their consulting relationship with GLG, including issues relating to payment and technology tools Partner with other GLG teammates to develop a deep understanding of client/end market strategy and offer support to alignment teams Develop knowledge of industry dynamics across all verticals and sectors through the use of technology tools and other creative means Collaborate with GLG’s compliance team to protect the integrity of all GLG engagements and to ensure that Council Member profiles are complete and up-to-date The Ideal Candidate: Across all of our positions, GLG seeks excellence, integrity, creativity, and professionalism. Specifically, we look for individuals who thrive in new environments and approach their work with precision and a drive to continually improve overall skill-set and performance. For this position, we seek applicants with bachelor's or master’s degrees from top-tier colleges or universities or equivalent work experience. The following factors will strengthen an applicant’s candidacy: Strong written and verbal communication skills using a variety of communication channels (telephone, e-mail, in-person, etc.) Demonstrated commitment and attention to detail, ideally in a high-volume, fast-paced environment; Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; Passion for fast-paced learning, especially in a technology-enabled environment; Passion for high-level customer service with a successful track record in working in a team environment; Ability to work effectively independently and/or collaboratively in a team; Undergraduate or graduate GPA of 3.3 or better. About GLG / Gerson Lehrman Group GLG's platform connects business to expertise for smarter, faster decisions. Our clients rely on GLG's 600,000+ member-experts and 1,600 employees around the globe to provide 24/7 insight and exceptional service within a rigorous compliance framework. Visit www.glg.it. We believe strongly in our mission- and values-driven culture. Our core values drive our success. They are: learning & curiosity, responsibility, courage, judgment, fresh perspective, service, and integrity. To learn more, visit www.GLG.it. EEO Policy Statement Gerson Lehrman Group, Inc. (“GLG”) is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, race, religion, color, marital status, disability, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.
Campaign Strategist: Job Description Startups are exciting. That’s why we’ve never stopped. For over a century IBM has been a company of inventors and innovators. We power the most important industries on the planet from finance to telecommunications to scientific research. You may not know it but there's hardly a part of your daily life that isn't touched by an IBM Systems client. You’re a multichannel marketing innovator and you know all the channels - digital, email, marketing automation, lead nurturing, paid media, SEO, events, print –you name it. So, let’s talk about what you’ll do. At IBM Systems, you’ll invent things. A new way to tell a story. A smarter strategy. Better ways of working. You’ll be part of a top performing team who has fun, learns from failures and innovates every day. (You don’t get to be 105 years old any other way.) The IBM Systems team has first dibs on just about every cool pilot in the company. We're design thinkers who get to spend time honing new skills. We’ve changed the way IBM does marketing. Oh yeah, and we make mainframes –the Big Iron beneath the hood of just about everything big anyone’s ever done with data –and all the data storage and software that it takes to build the next gen IT infrastructure that can think, learn, predict, and compete in the cognitive era. For most, the future is coming. At IBM Systems, we're already delivering it. If you like the idea of working on a legendary brand –yes, the one that invented the typewriter, the personal computer, the mainframe, and put a man on the moon –then come create with us and help amplify our voice. IBM Systems leads in transformation. What we do for our clients, we’re doing for ourselves all the time: reinventing, learning what it takes to stay ahead of technological shifts and building what comes next. We’re good at change because we’ve never been afraid of it. If you’re the same, join us in our next big reveal. About Your Role You are a proven campaign strategist who is creative, collaborative, and has a passion for demand marketing. We are looking for an innovative thinker with experience in developing integrated campaigns that attract new customers, cross-sell to existing customers, and progresses pipeline to deliver outstanding results. This role will specialize in developing wholistic integrated marketing campaigns and programs across all relevant channels (events, digital, social, paid media, nurturing programs) and is someone who is ready to roll up their sleeves and jump right in. The Marketing Campaign Strategist is responsible for co-creation and execution of the end-to-end campaign strategy and activities that support our business objectives. Pipeline creation, along with generating new leads, is at the center of what we do. The candidate will apply analytics and insights to better profile and target prospects driving continual optimization to deliver higher quality responses and improve conversion rates all along the funnel. The candidate will work with WW content, digital, social teams to develop an integrated strategy that engages the target audience and ensure the marketing objectives are strategically aligned across the buyers’ journey. Responsibilities: Work with the portfolio marketing team to translate business goals and objectives from marketing plans into actionable integrated campaign strategies that deliver engagement, leads, pipeline and revenue. Set priorities in implementation and development of campaigns that support the business and program strategy/objectives, integrating the right mix of Demand Generation tactics Work with internal and external agencies and the integrated marketing team to ensure world-class quality marketing materials are produced including web content, marketing campaign assets and offers, emails, ads, graphics, webinars, videos, etc Work closely with the entire WW, Digital Marketing Centers and North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, Greater China, and Japan performance marketing teams taking a leadership role to ensure timely campaign delivery, execution, feedback and optimization Negotiate with cross program and business unit peers to deliver exceptional customer experiences through the campaigns Manage internal and external agency partners as the primary lead in the development and delivery of campaign plans, assets, tactics and event execution Develop and deliver breakthrough ideas and innovative campaigns that attract new buyers through both digital and face to face channels Work to analyze and identify root cause and action plans to address program performance issues and drive continual improvement in both worldwide and regional campaign results Track, measure and report on the global campaign performance against agreed-upon metrics, working across regions to identify and analyze gaps and actions plans to course-correct as the campaign execution unfolds Manage the overall creation and execution of campaigns on budget, on time and on target Communicate effectively on a regularly scheduled cadence to ensure stakeholder alignment Required Technical and Professional Expertise 5+ years in Digital Marketing and campaign management 2+ years preferred experience in technology hardware marketing with companies like EMC, Dell, Hitachi, Lenovo, Cisco Experience in marketing automation tools such as Silverpop, Marketo, Eloqua, Hubspot Experience in creating and executing strategies to drive demand through digital channels as well as events, nurture campaigns, sales plays, list building, tele-qualifying tactics Understanding of marketing metrics and funnel analytics to optimize existing campaigns as well as advise team on best strategies to drive demand A natural digital storyteller who understands what it takes to engage clients through multiple channels Expertise in planning, executing and measuring paid media campaigns Detail-oriented, self-directed team player with a positive attitude Demonstrated expertise in database marketing and segmentation for email marketing and a deep understanding of database health and how to nurture responders and leads Preferred Tech and Prof Experience None EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
HR Business Partner: BigCommerce, named a "Best Place to Work" in Austin, TX in 2018, is looking for an experienced HR professional to provide strategic, hands-on support to clients across all of our offices globally. This role reports to the Manager, HR Business Partners and is responsible for one or more client groups. As a HR Business Partner (HRBP) you will play a key role in helping our client team leaders think strategically about people & culture: helping to assess needs & develop solutions in areas such as workforce planning, organizational design, performance management, employee relations, compensation, retention, career development and leadership development. You must understand business priorities and translate them into a plan that supports our rapidly growing business, unique culture and company values. What You’ll Do: Anticipate potential issues and needs and proactively shape talent priorities to align to business strategy. Work with senior leadership to develop and implement HR plans and solutions in order to achieve strategic business initiatives and deliver results in line with our company values. Partner with leadership team to assess, design and deliver solutions needed to optimize talent and enhance effectiveness including, workforce planning, compensation, succession planning and performance management. Develop a deep understanding of your client group(s), their situations, and, most importantly, their needs to better develop mutually defined solutions to problems Review and analyze People Team and client group’(s) goals and metrics to identify trends and recommend solutions to improve individual and team performance, retention, and employee experience. Actively partner, coach & develop leadership team members, managers, and individuals. Provide management coaching to build leadership capabilities to address and resolve employee issues, ensuring a balance in representing all parties’ interests. Monitor the “pulse” of employees and develop and execute on initiatives to ensure a high level of employee engagement and a positive employee experience. Be the go to person for employee related questions for the client group’(s) team on just about anything including local office policies, procedures, systems, benefits, compensation, leaves of absence, etc. Apply in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance. Conduct effective, thorough, and objective investigations when needed. Ensure relevant people operational and administrative activities for the client group’(s) team are carried-out in adherence to global standards. Managing & leading internal communications to client group’(s) team to ensure understanding and buy-in. Partner with broader People team colleagues across Talent Acquisition, People Operations, and Learning and Organization Development to ensure employee and leadership needs are met and high performing teams are sustained. Assist with onboarding new staff, particularly leadership, and acquainting them with the company practices, culture and business. Maintain positive relationships with managers and employees to promote our culture of open communication. Who you are: 5+ years experience in Human Resources, preferably within the high-tech space 3+ years advising leadership and managing complex employee relations issues A well-rounded HR skill-set: knowledge of fundamental HR practices across ER, staffing, management practices, organizational effectiveness, compensation, and talent management. Attention to detail and capability to apply discretion and sound judgment in managing complex processes, decisions and handling sensitive information. Exceptional communication, listening, coaching, facilitation, and conflict resolution skills. Ability to relate well to all kinds of people, up, down, and sideways, inside and outside the organization. Ability to project mature self-confidence, a sense that you can take control of difficult, unpredictable situations, make tough decisions in a timely way, and use thought leadership to guide executives Strong influencing skills leveraging business acumen, expertise, and data. Strong working knowledge of US federal employment laws and regulations (ADA, EEO, FMLA, FLSA) and the ability to appropriately spot employment risk issues. Experience in California, New York, UK, and Australian employment law a plus. Ability to work within compressed timeframes and embrace the sense of urgency, innovation and resourcefulness required in a fast-paced company Comfortable working hands-on to get things done and quickly shifting to complex strategy discussions. Can accomplish results and desired outcomes through formal and informal corporate structures. Possess a resiliently positive attitude, have professional courage, steadfastly persevere through challenges, are ambitious while humble, have high standards for ethics and integrity, and do the right things the right way.
Best Buy Apple Computing Master: What does a Best Buy Apple Computing Master do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. Best Buy Apple Computing Masters excel at selling products and services, working closely with other members of the sales team. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self development. Then, armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy shopping experience, ensuring customers’ end-to- end needs are met. As a trusted adviser and partner, Best Buy Apple Computing Masters deliver unique customer value by developing strong relationships with customers, bringing them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. You’re a techno learner who enjoys working with people-employees and customers! Apple Computing Masters must not only know latest products-mobile devices, laptops, tablets-but stay ahead of the curve by frequently exploring and learning about new products and solutions. 80% of your time you will: Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where customers feel supported and leave delighted. Inspire customers by showing them what’s possible with technology. 20% of your time you will: Use innovative training tools to stay current, confident and complete, driving profitable growth and achieving individual and department goals. Accumulate and apply the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development, enabling you to provide an excellent customer shopping experience. Maintain your department’s merchandising and readiness to serve customers. Back up the sales team for phone and store pickup. Perform other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Apple Computing Master? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Coordinator: Purpose As part of a collaborative team, develop and facilitate professional learning that builds instructional leadership capacity-particularly in mathematics-in schools, districts, and states. The ultimate aim of this work is to increase equity in education systems. Essential Functions Collaborate to plan and facilitate professional learning and technical assistance for K12 education leaders and administrators to support the mathematics achievement of all students and to create conditions for ongoing teacher professional learning and continuous improvement. Use a wide range of facilitation and collaboration strategies, including in-person and virtual delivery. Work with Dana Center staff as well as a national network of external partners, including leaders at the school, district, and state level. Together, design, plan, and develop products, tools, and resources to meet the needs of clients in the areas of K12 educational leadership, standards-based mathematics curriculum and mathematics instruction, and policy implementation. Refine tools and resources to advance evidence-based practice. Contribute a deep knowledge of mathematics content, college and career readiness standards, student learning trajectories, and a range of strategies to facilitate adult learning while participating in planning and design meetings, information- sharing sessions, and reflections to support a culture of continuous learning within the Center and with its partners. Bring and continue to develop working knowledge of current education research and emerging policies, practices, and programs-communicate the implications of that research for Dana Center services and district decisions-and offer suggestions for revisions to tools or areas for new development to be responsive to the dynamic education landscape. Support the Center's work by disseminating information and communicating with current and potential clients, through attending and presenting at conferences and-or attending meetings as an ambassador of the Dana Center. Contribute to development of marketing and informational publications. Manage logistics, budgets, and timelines as assigned to accomplish goals of projects and programs. Contribute to the development of grant proposals, help generate partnership leads, assume responsibility for stewardship and management of partner relationships, and serve as project lead on funded projects. Perform related functions as assigned. Participate in processes and activities designed to establish an organizational culture that supports learning, collaboration, and collective responsibility in order to enhance professional relationships, job satisfaction, and organizational effectiveness. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Regular travel, including air travel and driving personal or rental vehicle is required. Licenses: Class "C" Operator's Driver's License. Applicant selected must provide a current three year Driving Record from the current state of residence. If not currently a Texas resident, must obtain a Texas Driver's License within 30 days after entering Texas as a new resident. Required qualifications Bachelor's degree, teaching certification, and ten years of combined experience in K-12 classroom teaching, campus or district level program administration, and design and delivery of professional learning and technical assistance or support for teachers. Demonstrated knowledge of state and national mathematics standards and adult learning techniques. Experience managing a program or project in a diverse K-12 campus or district. Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively in writing and orally with diverse groups. Demonstrated ability to work as a team member, independently, and with overlapping projects. Ability to work as a member of a collaborative team with strong interpersonal skills and professionalism. Facility with Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Equivalent combination of relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate. Preferred Qualifications Master's degree in Education and fifteen years of combined experience in K-12 classroom teaching, campus and-or district level program administration-with at least five years at the program administration level. Experience designing and delivering professional learning or technical assistance-support for teachers and leaders in leadership and mathematics education. Facility using web conferencing services. Experience in leading a successful K-12 school reform effort. Working conditions May work around standard office conditions Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Ability to travel including air travel and driving personal or rental vehicle is required. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus
PE Teacher K-5: Mission & VisionValor Public Schools creates the highest quality K-12 tuition- free charter schools, educating the whole person for authentic freedom and a full human life. We will be launching our first school in Austin, TX in August of 2018. Valors educational vision is grounded in the classical tradition, which identifies wisdom and virtue as the ultimate goals of education. We believe that every student has a desire for knowledge and a capacity for excellence. In all facets of school life, we inspire students to seek what is true, good, and beautiful, cultivating their natural sense of wonder. Valor also draws upon the best of contemporary educational practices that complement its classical vision. Valor students will read and discuss the Great Books, take advanced math and science courses (STEM), study Latin, engage in community service, explore the fine arts, and have the opportunity to participate in extracurricular clubs and competitive athletics. In the classroom, an emphasis is placed on Socratic, inquiry-based teaching approaches. In addition to rigorous academics, Valor is committed to building a transformative school culture filled with joy, respect, and deep engagement. Valors teachers and school leaders inspire students to pursue excellence in all areas of their lives and reach their fullest potential.What We Stand ForWisdom and VirtueTruth, Goodness, and BeautyHuman DignityWonder and InquiryFriendship and CommunityAttentiveness and PresenceHonest, Open CommunicationContinuous Learning and GrowthValor Hiring ProfileMission & vision alignmentSubject matter expertiseStrength of characterLove of learningCommitment to professional growthHumility & receptivity to coachingPractical wisdomAptitude/fit for working with studentsClassroom leadership capacityCommitment to collaboration and team unityStrong work ethic and an enthusiastic, positive attitudePosition Overview: PE Teacher- Will be responsible for providing high quality, mission-aligned instruction in their particular subject area. Key skills include careful planning, clear communication, practical wisdom, classroom leadership, strong organization, and the ability to establish a classroom environment characterized by joy, respect, order, wonder, and deep engagement.Teachers will embody and promote Valors classical educational vision, with its primary emphasis on helping students to grow in wisdom and virtue.
PE Teacher 6-8: Mission & VisionValor Public Schools creates the highest quality K-12 tuition- free charter schools, educating the whole person for authentic freedom and a full human life. We will be launching our first school in Austin, TX in August of 2018. Valors educational vision is grounded in the classical tradition, which identifies wisdom and virtue as the ultimate goals of education. We believe that every student has a desire for knowledge and a capacity for excellence. In all facets of school life, we inspire students to seek what is true, good, and beautiful, cultivating their natural sense of wonder. Valor also draws upon the best of contemporary educational practices that complement its classical vision. Valor students will read and discuss the Great Books, take advanced math and science courses (STEM), study Latin, engage in community service, explore the fine arts, and have the opportunity to participate in extracurricular clubs and competitive athletics. In the classroom, an emphasis is placed on Socratic, inquiry-based teaching approaches. In addition to rigorous academics, Valor is committed to building a transformative school culture filled with joy, respect, and deep engagement. Valors teachers and school leaders inspire students to pursue excellence in all areas of their lives and reach their fullest potential.What We Stand ForWisdom and VirtueTruth, Goodness, and BeautyHuman DignityWonder and InquiryFriendship and CommunityAttentiveness and PresenceHonest, Open CommunicationContinuous Learning and GrowthValor Hiring ProfileMission & vision alignmentSubject matter expertiseStrength of characterLove of learningCommitment to professional growthHumility & receptivity to coachingPractical wisdomAptitude/fit for working with studentsClassroom leadership capacityCommitment to collaboration and team unityStrong work ethic and an enthusiastic, positive attitudePosition Overview: PE Teacher 6-8: Will be responsible for providing high quality, mission-aligned instruction in the core subject areas. Key skills include careful planning, clear communication, practical wisdom, classroom leadership, strong organization, and the ability to establish a classroom environment characterized by joy, respect, order, wonder, and deep engagement.
Apple Mobile Master: What does a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master do? At Best Buy, our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. The Apple Mobile Master provides a world-class customer experience and improves our efficiency as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. The Apple Mobile Master ensures that no customers are ever left unserved or underserved, providing velocity and solutions support to solve for customer needs. Works closely with other employees, especially the Sales Team Leader, Supervisor or Manager, to ensure customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master, you will engage customers using selling skills to complete the sale, drive profitable growth, and achieve your individual goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Director, Customer Support: Position Overview: Vista Consulting Group (VCG) is currently seeking an experienced professional to join the VCG Business Operations practice area as Director, Customer Support. This position will lead consulting engagements with and provide subject matter expertise to the Vista portfolio of companies. The Director, Customer Support will work hand-in-hand with other VCG staff, Vista Equity Partners investment professionals and portfolio company employees to help current and newly-acquired companies strengthen their customer support operations through the implementation of Vista Best Practices. Role Responsibilities: Partner with portfolio company leadership to refine overall customer support strategy Developing premium customer support packages and pricing that aligns to overall company, market and product strategy Implementing feedback mechanisms to inform product development decisions, with the objective of reducing customer support case load Creating support dashboards and KPIs for use by support management, support leadership and C-level and Board consumption Support Vista companies in improving the management of their Customer Support organizations, including advising in such areas as: Building a learning organization through case driver and root cause analyses Measuring the impact of Support through case-level feedback and overall NPS surveys Developing a new hire training program to rapidly ramp new hires Creating and curating a knowledge base of internally and customer facing help articles Establishing a skills matrix and improving staffing, driving best practice support utilization Work hand-in-hand with the VCG Business Applications team to deploy customer support tools (eg, ticketing, community, knowledge base, etc.) at newly acquired portfolio companies Developing and maintaining an understanding of customer support tools appropriate for enterprise software companies, including evaluating up-and-coming tools Determining most appropriate tool to meet the needs of a given portfolio company Selecting and working with system integration partners to implement a customer support tool in the context of an overall business application implementation project Build and advance thought leadership around customer support topics across the Vista portfolio Providing subject matter expertise during executive recruitment of portfolio company Customer Support leaders Fostering collaboration across Vista portfolio company functional leaders, including coordinating and presenting at Best Practice Sharing Summits Partnering with Vista investment teams to provide diligence support for new investment evaluations Aligning with Customer Success thought leaders within VCG to develop and execute a coordinated approach to thought leadership within the portfolio Very strong work ethic and an absolute passion for “getting your hands dirty” working alongside portfolio company staff to drive change and execute projects Proven leadership in a Customer Support organization at a software or technology company Prior consulting experience strongly preferred Deep experience with industry standard tools such as Salesforce Service Cloud, Zendesk, and Lithium Excellent interpersonal and presentation skills, including ability to interface equally well with C-level executives and front-line staff in 1:1 interactions or large group facilitation settings Ability to simultaneously manage multiple client engagements, appropriately balancing time and attention based on shifting priorities and business requirements Strong written communication, problem-solving abilities and business judgement High comfort level with ambiguity and autonomy Bachelors Degree required Position requires up to 75% travel to portfolio companies both domestically and internationally
Marketing Science Expert, Auction: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The massive scale and heavy engagement of the people using our products make the Facebook platform an ideal place for marketers to build their brands. It also makes the platform an ideal place to conduct analyses to learn how to improve marketing in the new mobile and value first world. The successful candidate will focus on investigating and understanding the current best practices for different types of advertiser's, verticals, and markets to drive value in Facebook ads marketplace. They will also be focused on working with individual or a group of advertisers, partnering with our sales stakeholders and educating learnings and best practices to internal and external audiences. The team works with various advertisers across tiers and segments to test ideas, learn and educate. The ideal candidate for this position will be passionate about the Facebook family of businesses (Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp, Messenger, Oculus), and have worked in either Marketing or Advertising with an analytical approach to understanding media buying practices and its impact on driving outcomes. They will have a proven track record of analyzing and deriving insights from data. They would be intellectually curious, a great communicator, data-driven, a fast learner, strong teacher and able to move fast while keeping focused on high impact projects. Applicants should have a strong quantitative understanding, a strong talent for taking complex concepts and distilling them into clear accessible learnings, and a willingness to empower and help others through sharing their knowledge. RESPONSIBILITIES Partner closely with our internal (sales) and external (clients and agencies) stakeholders to help businesses succeed in our ads marketplace through education, reactive support & investigation, and proactive initiatives Apply analytical skills to complex quantitative problems, presenting actionable insights to key stakeholders both reactively and proactively Work closely with our Marketing Science and sales teams, as well as advertisers directly to derive deeper insights into campaign delivery and scaling performance successes and challenges Develop deep understanding and expertise of the Facebook Auction Empower others through sharing of knowledge and execution of education programs Present polished findings and recommendations directly to various stakeholders Elevate key themes to our product research teams that should be focused on deeper investigation or alpha testing of new opportunities MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (such as Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, or Finance) 5+ years of analytics experience Experience inspiring action based on data-driven insights Experience communicating concepts to non-technical audiences Experience working with and influencing in a cross-functional relationship Experience operating independently and delivering results Experience with SQL and development experience in a scripting language such as Python PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with experimental design and understanding of statistical data analysis (e.g. regression, probability) Understanding of statistical analysis, experience with packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.
Magnolia Design Center System Designer: What does a Magnolia Design Center System Designer do? The Magnolia Design Center System Designer is responsible for providing system design and sales proposals to customers seeking premium electronics solutions. The System Designer is empowered to provide a premium level of service to our customers by traveling to the customer’s home to perform advanced level consultations. The System Designer builds and manages relationships with builders, architects, interior designers and local Best Buy stores. This role will also be responsible for store merchandising, Area of Responsibilities (AOR), personal developments and other operational duties as assigned. As a Magnolia Design Center System Designer you will: Perform Audio/Video product consultations to evaluate needs, prepare proposals and present bids, including performance agreements and custom Create working relationships with Designers, Builders, Architects and local Best Buy stores Manage relationships through CRM documentation and complete post-sale customer follow-up Generate personal book of business Complete all aspects of merchandising oversight General responsibility for store upkeep If a candidate is selected for this role the employee will be hired into an Associate System Designer role for the first 4 weeks of training. Once the training period is completed the employee will be moved into the System Designer role. What are the Professional Requirements of a Magnolia Design Center System Designer? Basic Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent 2 years of sales experience Reliable transportation Preferred Qualifications: Associate degree or above in Business, Marketing or related field 1 year Consumer Electronic (CE) or Consumer Electronic Digital Imaging experience Experience in selling premium brands Previous outside sales or business to business (B2B) selling experience What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Distribution Center Training Specialist: Our Philadelphia Distribution Center (DC) is looking for a Training Specialist to help support the development and implementation of learning solutions. This person will play a key role managing, directing, coordinating, and delivering leadership and operational training as well as new hire orientation and onboarding. What does a Training Specialist do? Our Training Specialists are a key member of the Distribution Center. Some of the responsibilities of our Training Specialists include the following:  Delivers, monitors, coaches and guides leadership and operational training for Distribution Center Associates  Provides coaching, facilitates discussions and makes recommendations for developmental needs Consults with coach trainers and other Associates on the floor to follow up on operational issues  Partners with Home Office L&D to modify, design and develop training programs and materials.  Facilitates learning by utilizing adult learning techniques, interactive elements, role plays, and technology-delivered training.  Provides post-training event feedback and support to learners and their leaders on the job through continuous coaching and feedback.  Evaluates and assesses learning programs and their impact  Plans, prioritizes, schedules and manages time based on curriculum calendar and business needs. What’s in it for you? At the TJX Companies, Inc., you'll not only enjoy the security of working for a stable and profitable industry leader, but you'll also enjoy the amazing company culture, and that’s just the beginning. Along with competitive pay, on the job training, and career advancement opportunities, TJX offers medical, dental, and vision coverage to eligible Associates. We also provide weekly pay, direct deposit, 401K retirement plan, paid vacation days, paid holidays, personal days, sick days and an Associate discount on everything in our stores! Requirements:  Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience  Coaching and/or facilitation skills  Passionate for the development of people and building relationships in a collaborative environment  Understanding of conducting needs analyses, instructional design, and adult learning theory  Deep listening and inquiry; seeks to understand and make connections which result in engaging interactions  The ability to build and maintain relationships and the ability to influence others without authority About the Company: We are a Fortune 100 company and the leading off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions in the U.S. and worldwide. Our retail chains include TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Sierra Trading Post and Homesense, as well as tjmaxx.com and sierratradingpost.com in the U.S.; Winners, HomeSense and Marshalls in Canada; TK Maxx in the U.K., Ireland, Germany, Poland, Austria and the Netherlands, as well as Homesense and tkmaxx.com in the U.K.; and TK Maxx in Australia. In 2016, we had over $33 billion in sales, more than 3,800 stores, and 235,000 Associates. As a retailer committed to growth, success is always in style at TJX! TJX is an equal opportunity employer committed to workforce diversity. Nearest Major Market: Philadelphia
 Background Investigator: Constellis was established in 2010 by a group of operators and investors who sought to combine best-in-class brands, assets and people within the complex risk management industry. Today, the leading provider of risk management and operational support services worldwide, Constellis combines the legacy capabilities and experience of ACADEMI, AMK9, Triple Canopy, Olive Group, OMNIPLEX, Centerra, Edinburgh International, Strategic Social and all of their affiliates. From life support, procurement, operations and maintenance to high-threat protection, training, C4I systems integration and crisis response, Constellis helps its clients achieve and sustain success, no matter where they are in the world. Constellis operates in approximately 40 countries with regional offices in Africa, the Americas, Europe and the Middle East. Constellis is headquartered just outside of Washington, D.C. in Reston, VA POSITION: Background Investigator - Philadelphia area RESPONSIBILITIES: Conduct federal background investigations and prepare reports of investigations in compliance with ICD 704 standards, all laws, and other required federal agency regulations. Work cases throughout the geographic area of responsibility and travel to various places of employment, residence and education institutions. QUALIFICATIONS: U.S. Citizenship; Bachelors Degree Minimum of One (1) year within the last ten (10) years of investigations experience at the federal, state, or local level of government; Experience conducting one-on-one subject interviews is required; Reliable personal vehicle, valid driver's license, and satisfactory driving record; Willing to travel on temporary duty assignments as needed (by car or plane); Successfully pass background checks and all required training; Current (within the last 2 years) Single Scope Background Investigation (SSBI) or active Secret level security clearance based on an SSBI and able to obtain the required security clearance. WHY CONSTELLIS? With operations across every major continent and an annual revenue of $1.7 billion dollars, Constellis provides a wide array of opportunities for individuals looking to build successful careers in a fast-paced, growing industry. Legal, moral and ethical business practices remain at the cornerstone of our culture and Constellis continues to be recognized for our emphasis on quality and compliance. This strong track-record of performance is supported by our deep relationships across key government agencies and blue chip commercial customers. With more than 21,000 personnel worldwide, the majority of whom are military or law enforcement veterans, we leverage our employees' ambition and passion for creating a safer world. Our extensive operational expertise is augmented by our intimate knowledge of economies, communities and cultures. As a result, we share a willingness to support complex operations in some of the world's most demanding places. BENEFITS: Constellis offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation, a flexible benefits package, work-life balance, and tailored career development programs that reflect its commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Medical, Vision & Dental Insurance Paid Time-Off Program & Company Paid Holidays 401(k) Retirement Plan Insurance: Basic Life & Supplemental Life Health & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Personal Development & Learning Opportunities On-the-job Training, Skills Development & Certifications Employee Referral Program Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach WORKING CONDITIONS: Work is typically based in a busy office environment and subject to frequent interruptions. Business work hours are Monday through Friday from 9 am to 6 pm, however, some extended or weekend hours may be required. The position does not require regular travel. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: May be required to lift and carry awkward items weighing up to 25 lbs. Requires intermittent standing, walking, sitting, squatting, stretching and bending throughout the workday. Equal Opportunity Employer Race/Color/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Vet Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
 Director, Teaching and Learning: The Director, Teaching and Learning will lead and manage all work related to the development, promotion, and support of teaching and learning activities within the College of Professional Studies. The Director provides leadership in the areas of curriculum development and maintenance, program development and revision, assessment, and instruction for the credit and non-credit programs. This individual is passionate about adult learners, and oversees the design, development, delivery, and assessment of all courses (credit and non- credit) offered by the College of Professional Studies. The Director has extensive experience in online, in-person, and hybrid teaching and learning, and will oversee the evaluation and monitoring of courses to ensure that the subject matter delivered is timely, relevant, and accurate. Works closely with online programs managers (OPMs) on course development and refresh projects. The Director, Teaching and Learning, will work collaboratively with CPS faculty, adjunct instructors and Villanova’s colleges and their faculty to advance teaching and learning for the adult students in CPS. Provides support and encourages faculty to improve their teaching, develop distinctive new courses, revise or create academic programs, foster impactful pedagogy, and pursue innovative course delivery methods. The Director will work closely with the Dean to supervise and mentor all faculty in the College, collaborating to ensure best practices in the delivery of courses and programs. The Director recruits, mentors, and evaluates all faculty, course developers, and subject matter experts (SMEs), and is responsible for providing a vision and administrative leadership for comprehensive faculty development that supports all faculty. The Director will oversee the effective administration of the Course and Teacher Survey (CATS) in CPS and promote the appropriate use of CATS data for faculty development and the assessment of teaching effectiveness. This individual serves as the College’s liaison for all accreditation efforts, and ensures compliance with all standards. Villanova is a Catholic university sponsored by the Augustinian order. Diversity and inclusion have been and will continue to be an integral component of Villanova University’s mission. The University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and seeks candidates who understand, respect and can contribute to the University’s mission and values. Duties and Responsibilities: CURRICULUM and ASSESSMENT Assist Dean of CPS with development of innovative new majors, non-credit programs, curricular elements and with the overall strategic curricular direction of the College. Provide leadership to all faculty to produce pedagogically sound courses by modeling effective instructional design, communicating with team members regarding required and completed tasks, outlining project plans, and providing status reports. Develop and maintain course and program standards – ranging from teaching policies to the look and feel of the LMS course platform – to maintain consistency across all courses and improve the student experience. Manage development and refresh processes for all credit and non-credit courses – according to pre-established plans – that are continually monitored and adjusted based on market needs and the performance of specific classes. Evaluate innovative educational delivery mediums for consideration and potential future use. Recommend effective and creative uses of technology to enhance instruction and create new learning environments. Develop and oversee all course and program assessment activities and plans. Manage accreditation issues for the college (i.e., Middle States); Assist Director, Academic Programs to ensure compliance with ABA Accreditation standards for Paralegal Program. Utilize internal and external data (e.g. OPIR reports, national data reports) to improve CPS academic outcomes and curriculum-related decision making. Prepare an annual summary report of assessment initiatives in CPS for the Dean’s College annual report at the end of each academic year. FACULTY DEVELOPMENT AND OVERSIGHT Provide guidance, direction and participate in departmental recruitment, application review, hiring, onboarding, orientation, and development of faculty, consistent with College policies and procedures. Work in close partnership with Assistant Director, Faculty Services. Coordinate and support full time faculty and professors of practice. Plan and execute regular faculty meetings, in partnership with Dean. Manage subject matter experts (SMEs) and adjunct faculty. Provide mentorship and guidance needed for them to fulfill their responsibilities. Assist with organizing and participate in functional area sessions for the non-credit programs – facilitate conversation, drive solutions to noted programmatic issues, solicit future ideas, etc. Organize, manage and deliver faculty retreats designed to educate instructors on CPS teaching expectations, curriculum, student demographics, policies, etc. Review Course and Teacher Surveys (CATS) at the end of each session/semester and meet with faculty as needed. Mentor faculty during their courses. Offer substantive advice on teaching methods and pedagogy. Oversee ideas for professional development to enhance faculty teaching for all levels (credit, non-credit, adjunct, professors of practice). Regularly disseminate information from assessment and research efforts through a variety of methods, including written reports, oral presentations, and digital media platforms. Develop and implement a regular faculty/instructor evaluation process. Promulgate and maintain CPS faculty/instructor handbook. OTHER Benchmark teaching, learning, and programs at peer and aspirational schools. Liaise with VITAL, UNIT, and Provost’s Office (Teaching & Learning and Online Programs) as needed. Closely work with the Director, Academic Programs as needed to ensure successful experiences for students (and their learning). ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES Perform additional duties and assist with special projects as assigned. Assist with CPS event development and planning as needed. Participate in events with CPS on occasional nights and weekends. Minimum Qualifications: Master’s Degree. 5-7 years of related experience required, demonstrating progressive responsibility and collaboration with faculty and administration. Passion for CPS and its students. Knowledge of online pedagogy and best practices. Extensive experience teaching and managing faculty and curriculum development within higher education. Ability to develop and nurture relationships with team members, students, faculty, alumni, and University offices is required. Candidate must have the ability to manage multiple projects and events with the ability to streamline processes and procedures creating efficient operations. The individual selected must communicate professionally and efficiently within a fast-paced environment. This individual must have experience in instructional design and learning theory skills obtained through on-the-job application and education. Must have experience creating evaluation tools for online and on-ground teaching and learning and experience using course management systems. Candidate must have strong organizational, time management and relationship management skills with demonstrated ability to work as a team player. Results oriented individual who can anticipate and identify problems and opportunities and takes decisive action to proactively address them. Excellent oral and written communication skills; strong organizational, problem solving and decision making skills are required. Candidates must have the ability to establish and maintain long term relationships. The candidate selected must also communicate professionally and efficiently within a fast-paced environment. The candidate must be proficient in all standard computer applications, including Microsoft office products, extremely proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel. General knowledge of office principles and procedures is required. The individual must have a deep commitment to the College of Professional Studies, to the University’s Catholic/Augustinian heritage and the advancement of its mission, and to serving the needs of a diverse community. Preferred Qualifications: PhD or EdD preferred Physical Requirements and/or Unusual Work Hours: Special Message to Applicants: Posting Date: 08/02/2018 Closing Date (12am ET): Salary Posting Information: Commensurate with experience. Salary Band: K Job Classification: exempt References Needed References Needed Minimum Number of References Needed 3 Maximum Number of References Needed 3 Supplemental Questions Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (). How did you first hear of this employment opportunity? Indeed.com Higheredjobs.com LinkedIn Chronicle Vitae Academic Keys Professional Affiliation/Trade Website Diversity Association/Publication Website Other Internet Advertisement Advertisement in Local Newspaper Advertisement in Academic or Professional Publication Referred by a current or former employee Referred by a friend or family member Heard about it at a conference or career fair Browsing the Villanova website Other If your answer to the above question is "Other", please specify the source below. If this question does not apply to you, enter N/A. (Open Ended Question) Documents needed to complete your application: Required Documents Cover Letter / Letter of Interest Resume / Curriculum Vitae Optional Documents
 District Partner Manager: About Us: At DreamBox, we believe all children can excel at learning, no matter where they start, where they live, or who they are. Along with district administrators, teachers, principals, and parents, we are dedicated to helping children realize their potential. Yet every child must be challenged, encouraged, and engaged in an individual way. That’s why we developed our revolutionary Intelligent Adaptive Learning™ technology, and combined it with a rigorous curriculum and an engaging game- like environment, to change the learning paradigm. If you are interested in learning more, take a look at this recent efficacy article published by Business Wire. About the Role: As a District Partner Manager, you will play a significant role at DreamBox Learning. You will serve as the most senior individual contributor within the regional territory team focused on new business acquisition and expansion growth revenue streams. Two key measures of success are individual performance against target and territory growth. The District Partner Manager will report directly to the Regional Sales Manager and carry the largest individual sales target on the regional territory team. What You'll be Doing: Consistently meet and exceed individual targets Create, communicate, and execute against sales strategy and territory plans Develop proficiency on all DreamBox Learning products and solutions Live in Salesforce CRM to drive behavior and document actions Penetrate the c-suite and build deep district administrator network Leverage current clients to grow expansion opportunity Sell both transactional “bottom-up” business in addition to complex “top down” district deals, ideally for multiple year implementations Give prompt reports on crucial issues to direct manager Schedule and deliver online demonstrations and in-person presentations, and the aptitude to perform needs assessments with school/district administrators Accurately forecast upcoming sales performance to sales leadership and executive team Work together with colleagues from other departments (Marketing, CS, PD, PM, and Curriculum) to improve efficiency and overall prospect/client experience Assess activity level performance against expectations Contribute to building a positive team culture where people want to work and thrive About You: 7+ years of successful sales experience (experience in education market is strongly preferred) Data driven salesperson The ability to build rapport, to outline a buying vision, to challenge the status quo and to position DreamBox Learning as a strategic partner The ability to define and execute a strategic sales and territory plan Proficiency in researching, developing, prospecting, and creating a pipeline of school and district opportunities of at least three times the necessary revenue to meet sales quota Confident communicator with active listening skills Exceptional written and verbal communication skills to support customer interactions Self-starter with an entrepreneurial spirit Organized, focused and able to thrive in a fast-paced environment Superior analytical and problem-solving skills Highly energetic self-starter Demonstrated experience with Salesforce CRM or equivalent CRM
 Consumer Insights Associate: Overview The company is at a pivotal point in its development, growing rapidly, and plans to hire a Consumer Insights Associate. This role will support the Consumer Insights function with data analysis and reporting. As of member of the Business Development team the Consumer Insights Associate will report to the Consumer Insights Manager. Responsibilities Develop a deep understanding of goPuff’s business, including internal processes, functional group strategies, and competitive context Support the Business Development team in necessary data pulls and maintaining data integrity and validation Build, track, and report internally on partner program performance on a weekly basis to ensure alignment across all relevant functions Compile all external reporting documents from data preparation to report formatting Analyze historical campaign performance to provide Business Development team and partners with relevant learnings Serve as support to entire Business Development team from data analysis and ad hoc reporting perspective Assist in developing robust customer demographic, geographic, and behavioral profiles Qualifications 1-2 years of experience as a data analyst Bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year college/university Ability to tell stories through data, develop and use structured approaches to identify root causes Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously to meet objectives and key deadlines Must have strong computer skills - Advanced MS Excel - pivot tables and pivot table reporting, advanced formulas and charting, basic data modeling skills in Tableau, SQL (plus) Excellent verbal, written, analytical, and problem solving skills Team player and fast learner Willingness to learn and grow in a fast-paced environment Excellent communication skills and quick communication response times Must be located in or willing to re-locate to Philadelphia, PA
Conversational Content Strategist: Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast. Who We Are: Comcast's Experience Design (XD) team is transforming how customers access and enjoy entertainment, communications and home management services across all channels--online, mobile and TV. We look for and create opportunities to educate, enlighten and whenever possible, delight, both new and existing customers. Our goal is to build long-lasting relationships using enhanced flows, smart features and self-healing solutions to foster trust and loyalty. By assembling the country's top designers and thinkers, we're rapidly becoming the premier environment for building and launching one-of-a-kind experiences that make everyday life easier and more entertaining for millions of people.The latest addition to Comcast and the Experience Design group is Xfinity Mobile, our new wireless phone service. We're completely disrupting the end-to-end mobile experience with services that will leverage Comcast's 27M subscriber relationships, 16M WiFi hotspots, and the award-winning X1 Entertainment OS.Similar to a startup, the multi-faceted Xfinity Mobile team has an independent, innovative spirit focused on a mission to reimagine the mobile experience. This is the team responsible for defining and designing the end-to-end experience for our wireless services, including how customers learn, buy, activate and use our mobile products. We're looking for forward- thinking digital leaders to join our XM team to create one-of-a-kind, immersive design experiences that will surprise our customers and further enhance the Comcast brand.What We're Looking For: We're looking to add a Conversational Content Strategist, who can amaze us with an exceptional ability to transform customer needs into organic and actionable product solutions.Your expertise will include strong contextual writing abilities, envisioning end-to-end learning experiences, and conversation as solution path. As key new role on the team, you'll be challenged to use the full extent of your skills. You'll learn and build new ones. Along the way, you'll have the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, while having a lasting impact on some exceptional and unconventional product experiences.This is a hands-on role that requires expert creative, copywriting and content generation skills that come to life in digital solution design. And through delivery of new solutions, the contributions of this strategist grow to help define and shape a new conversational design practice within Xfinity Mobile. If you are a versatile creative writer and strong communicator with a passion for interaction design trends and conversational technology platforms this role is for you.What You'll Do: You are ready to: - Deliver clarity, brevity, and efficacy in content and conversational solutions- Zoom between strategy and tactical delivery, full flows down to economic word choices- Differentiate between delivering information and conveying meaning- Create and edit content to match user wants and with delivery needs- Work closely with product managers, content owners, designers, researchers, and engineers- Work at a fast pace across multiple projects- Anticipate and adapt to new and changing content and customer needsYou are responsible for: - Overseeing the work of other team writers and be the owner of the source of truth for voice and tone across touchpoints.- Ensuring consistent systemization of language and application of voice + tone across all UIs and UX content touchpoint- Developing and maintain fundamental content taxonomies, nomenclature, and language systems- Developing scalable content approaches that grow with our users' needs- Approaching near term tactics and long term vision with the same enthusiasm and vigor.What you'll need: - Bachelors Degree or greater, with relevant equivalent experience in Copywriting, Technical Communication, Information Design, and/or Instructional Design.- 8+ years of strategic and tactical content creation and copywriting within a product focused UX organization, digital marketing, or similar practice- Leadership and influence in the content strategy and UI writing professional space- Deep experience in and comfort with content systemization and communication architecture- Working knowledge of the history and latest effective practices in content strategy and writing for user interface- A portfolio of successful and innovative contextualized solutionsWhere You'll Hang Your Hat: As part of our Experience Design team, you'll reside at Comcast's offices in the heart of Philadelphia. And yes, the cheesesteaks here are that good. Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer
 Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Commercial Learning Leader: Do you believe businesses should have a bigger ambition than short term profit? If you do, join DLL’s mission to ‘See what counts’. You’ll be part of a team that gets the right tools into the right hands. A team that understands the heart and soul of our partners’ business. A team that provides original financial solutions to sustain success for generations. Your Function: DLL is seeking a Global Commercial Learning Leader to accelerate our workforce capabilities and commercialize our sales learning experiences. We will together establish a revenue generating department while extending our learning experiences to all DLL members while also enabling the sales team to deliver their commercial strategy, increases sales revenue and new business development and add more value to our vendor partners. Key Responsibilities: Responsible for the design, development and delivery of the Commercial Academy curriculum to DLL’s salesforce and members Implement a learning evaluation model that assesses impact on the organization as a whole and ROI Create & socialize discrete performance standards; track & regularly communicate performance; drive and execute improvement initiatives to ensure performance standards are met Design product launch toolkits for the use of all commercial leaders across the globe Administer Quality Program: work with clients to assure program quality, integrity and longevity; monitor program performance; drive continuous program improvement using surveys, assessments and gap analysis Responsible for program budget and/or cost center, resource allocation and planning with logistics to ensure delivery of business benefits Deliver learning content to an exceptionally high quality Relationship management with clients to ensure their learning needs are met and continue to improve Orient learning consultants to lead their program(s) Create, socialize & execute sales tools & process roadmap (e.g. Salesforce.com) Gather, rationalize, & prioritize user requirement Own operational metrics & data intelligence to support reviews with commercial & business executives Manage day to day operations & support of commercial academy, including learning scheduling, planning, attendees, LMS registration, user escalation and resolution Co-ordinate feedback & manage user activities Develop peer, cross-functional & cross-business relationships to maximize best practice sharing & team effectiveness Manage Sales Tools related training Document Sales Tools process, policies & technical configuration Minimum qualifications: Strong Leadership experience in a commercial setting that is authentic, empowering and innovative. Can create vision and execute this vision in a heavily networked learning organization. Bachelor's Degree from accredited college or university Minimum of 10 years of Commercial experience or related industry Minimum of 10 years of Program Management or related function Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including presentations to senior leaders Demonstrated leadership & proven collaboration and influencing skills in cross functional environment Demonstrated leadership, energizing teams & project management Ability to deliver on a set of project milestones & work with little supervision to meet all goals on time & budget Proven mentoring & coaching abilities, demonstrated ability to motivate and inspire others Demonstrated ability to influence & communicate well with all levels of the organization, including senior leadership Clear, strategic, & critical thinker; proven experience in translating strategies into actionable plans Willing to travel up to 20% of the time We Offer: Two working days per year volunteering for a local charity Full Service Cafeteria and Fitness Center on campus Flexible hours with possibility to work from home (within job scope) Career development opportunities: online learning, member development programs, Tuition reimbursement program. Company matching 401k program Industry leading Paid Time Off package Outstanding Medical, Dental, Vision benefit programs One month fully paid sabbatical after seven years of service Additional Information: DLL is a global vendor finance company with more than EUR 30 billion in assets. Founded in 1969 and headquartered in Eindhoven, The Netherlands, we provide asset-based financial solutions in the Agriculture, Food, Healthcare, Clean technology, Construction, Transportation, Industrial and Office technology industries. We partner with equipment manufacturers, dealers and distributors in more than 30 countries to support their distribution channels and help grow their businesses. We combine customer focus with deep industry knowledge to deliver sustainable solutions for the complete asset life cycle, including retail finance, commercial finance and used equipment finance. DLL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rabobank Group.
Sales Representative-Philadelphia Neuroscience Primary Care: As a Neurosciences Primary Care Sales Representative you are responsible for effectively handling a defined territory with a customer focused approach on the health care providers in that territory. Territory Management: Develop and implement territory business plans to deliver strong sales results and achieve sales targets Represent Lilly as a leader in the Neurosciences community and marketplace Operate with high integrity and follow all Lilly policies and procedures Customer Focus: Promote product portfolio to HCPs through value-based conversations and communicate safety, efficacy, and treatment expectations Partner with customers to understand practice workflow and patient needs within the practice Provide resources that enhance or exceed customer needs for disease-state information and product-specific support Assist and coordinate critical activities with physicians and office staff through the drug initiation process, device training, patient support programs, and follow-up where applicable Collaborate and partner with peers in the Neurosciences sales organization, brand team, and other support partners to deliver an extraordinary customer experience Connect with access specialists, and other commercial partners to ensure a positive patient experience with treatment Disease State and Neuroscience Market Knowledge: Develop deep disease-state, product, and competitor knowledge, as well as understanding local and regional market trends Share key findings with teammates to serve as a learning resource within the Geo-managed team Earn reputation as a subject-matter authority and a valued resource Company Overview Are you seeking a career that makes a difference in the world? Would you like a career where you can use your sales experience and skills? At Lilly, we serve an extraordinary purpose. We make a difference for people around the globe by discovering, developing and delivering medicines that help them live longer, healthier, more active lives. Not only do we deliver breakthrough medications, but you also can count on us to develop creative solutions to support communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. For over 25 years, Lilly has been committed to helping people suffering from migraine, investigating more than a dozen different compounds for the treatment of migraine and disabling headache disorders. These research programs have accelerated understanding of this disease and advanced the development of Lilly's comprehensive late-stage development programs studying the launch of a Migraine portfolio for prevention of migraine and cluster headache, and for the acute treatment of migraine. Our goal is to make life better for people with migraine by offering comprehensive solutions to prevent or stop this disabling disease. The combined clinical, academic and professional experience of our experts helps us to build our research portfolio, identify challenges for healthcare providers and pinpoint the needs of people living with migraine and cluster headache. Sound interesting to you? Read on to find out more about how you can join our sales team, where you will enjoy meaningful work, build a successful career and make important contributions to our patients’ lives. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree Professional certification or license required to perform this position if required by a specific state Valid driver’s license and acceptable driving record Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the United States. Lilly does not anticipate providing sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B or TN status) for this employment position. Additional Information Approximately 10% travel; occasional overnight travel may be required Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status Additional Skills/Preferences Live inside territory or within 30 miles of territory boundaries Strong learning agility Patient centric mindset Consistent record of exceeding sales expectations Product launch experience Strong business analytical skills (business/ financial acumen) Excellent communication and organizational skills Solid analytical skills Ability to collaborate in a team environment Region North America Country USA City Philadelphia Workplace Arrangement Sales Job Expires 14-Nov-2018
 Appliance Sales Consultant: What does the Best Buy Appliance Sales Consultant do? Best Buy Appliance Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services, working closely with other members of the sales team. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development. Then, armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy shopping experience, ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Sales Consultants deliver unique customer value by developing strong relationships with customers, bringing them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. As a Best Buy Appliance Sales Consultant you will: Inspire customers by showing them what’s possible with technology. Accumulate and apply the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development, enabling you to provide an excellent customer shopping experience Use innovative training tools to stay current, confident and complete, driving profitable growth and achieving individual and department goals. Maintain your department’s merchandising and readiness to serve customers. Back up the sales team for phone and store pickup. What are the Professional Requirements of the Best Buy Appliance Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Function Manager: General Responsibilities As a Function Manager (FM) you will be given the opportunity to further hone your management and leadership skills while driving results across one or more areas of operations. You will be assigned specific area(s) such as IR, Counter, Gold/Exit Gate, or Bus. As a Functional Manager you will work on the day-to-day aspects of the rental car business while using superior management, leadership and customer service skills. You will work with a wide range of employees, customers, vendors, and third party contractors to achieve the overall results and goals for your area of operations. You are responsible for managing a unionized and/or non- unionized workforce, delivering quality customer service, increasing sales and revenue, scheduling adequate staff coverage, handling escalated customer issues and requests, recruiting new employees and providing them with training. You will be an expert in all of Dollar Thrifty products and services and will coach employees how to improve their ability to sell and meet customer needs. Additionally, depending on your assigned area you will be responsible for the rental fleet at your location including staying aware of hourly reservations, return counts, vehicle make and model availability, preventative maintenance schedules, etc. to achieve the greatest revenue and profitability Mandatory Requirements To be a Great FM you need: Commitment to developing and learning a wide variety of skills so that you can advance to higher levels at Dollar Thrifty A desire to grow with Dollar Thrifty including a willingness to live and work in a number of different cities throughout the United States A deep desire to work with and lead others as a team to build a business that is both fast paced and continually improving An ability to manage all aspects of the rental car business from Customer Service, Sales, Fleet Management, Maintenance, Vehicle Service, Vehicle Replenishment and Financial Analysis An ability to remain level headed and calm with both customers and employees as you assist them through challenging situations An ability to be a Dollar Thrifty Brand Ambassador at all times as you seek to create a positive environment and solutions that generate continued customer and employee loyalty Skills Strong management, communications, interpersonal relationship, customer service, problem solving, fleet management, and sales skills Strong planning and logistical skills An Associate’s Degree required and a four-year degree is preferred for this role Preferred Requirements Dollar Thrifty is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening. EEO/AA: Females/Minorities/Disabled/Vets
Services Advisor - King of Prussia Mall (Full Time): Our Services Advisors are experts in showcasing and interacting with Microsoft devices and software, providing world class service at our Answer Desk in-store. Through these customer engagements, Services Advisors help both consumer and business customers to see what is possible with technology, ultimately empowering them to achieve more through one to one support, personal training sessions, and small group workshops. Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all of our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Responsibilities Customer Obsession Empathetically assess customer support needs through listening, diagnosing, and repairing their devices, helping customers discover, use, and love Microsoft hardware, software, and services\ Deliver collaborative and enrichening one-on-one training sessions to both consumer and business customers, helping them acquire the skills needed to enhance their knowledge around our products and services Technological Capability Identify and communicate potentially complex repair situations to store leadership as appropriate, maximizing time efficiency in resolution with a high-level attention to detail Continuously maintain technical knowledge by learning through others, along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Drive for Results Proactively assess customer’s needs and recommend complete solutions that enhances their overall customer experience Takes responsibility in delivering on commitments and seeks positive results that benefit customers, both externally and internally Collaboration Feel empowered to engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in our customers lives Combines resources and joins efforts with teammates to achieve store and company goals Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Qualifications Required Qualifications 1 year as a computer technician or helpdesk support or 1 year in a computer or technology education program Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Strong verbal & written communication skills and a high-level attention to detail Thrive in a fast-paced team oriented, dynamic, public-facing environment driven to achieve results Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative service environment Previous technology/product/software teaching or training experience Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Production Quality Manager: General Responsibilities As the Production Quality Manager (PQM), you are responsible for the coaching, management, and leadership of VSA employees as well as operations. The PQM works to ensure that we are providing the highest level of quality utilizing the most efficient methods for preparing cars. The PQM helps make sure that everyone in Vehicle Service consistently executes Hertz’s rigorous vehicle preparation process so that every vehicle meets Hertz’s heritage of vehicle safety and quality. The PQM completes quality audits of the fleet as well as standard work audits utilizing the Akkroo application. PQM works closely with our third party vendor and the Ultimate Choice Lot Manager to successfully implement the replenishment model. PQM will work closely with the Value Stream Leader VSA/IR to maintain accurate metrics and to utilize them for the continuous improvement of the VSA operations. To be a great PQM, you need: Commitment to developing and learning a wide variety of skills so that you can advance to higher levels at Hertz A desire to grow with Hertz including a willingness to live and work in a number of different cities throughout the United States A deep desire to work with and lead others as a team to build a business that is both fast paced and continually improving An ability to manage all aspects of the rental car business from Customer Service, Sales, Fleet Management, Maintenance, Vehicle Service, Vehicle Replenishment and Financial Analysis An ability to remain level headed and calm with both customers and employees as you assist them through challenging situations An ability to be a Hertz Brand Ambassador at all times as you seek to create a positive environment and solutions that generate continued customer and employee loyalty Mandatory Requirements Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree level is preferred (Associate level is accepted), but someone who is able to demonstrate the requisite behaviors and with the right level of experience (below) will also be considered. Professional Experience: Proven track record of being an effective leader and coach to others. An operational background in car rental is necessary, with 3-5 years of management experience and a good understanding of the operation. Attitude and the right behaviors are more important, as is the requisite level of capability to manage in a tough, fast moving operation, with very strong attention to detail. Previous experience of working in a unionised environment would also be an advantage. Skills: Strong management, coaching, communications, interpersonal relationship, customer service, problem solving, fleet management, and quality assessment skills Strong planning and logistical skills Preferred Requirements Hertz is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening. EEO/AA: Females/Minorities/Disabled/Vets EEO Statement Hertz is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer and administers all personnel practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status or domestic partnership status, disability, protected veteran status or military status, genetic information, or any other category protected under applicable law. Hertz is committed to taking affirmative steps to promote the employment and advancement of minorities, women, persons with disabilities and protected veterans.
Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Community Outreach Associate-Aramingo (Philadelphia): Job Description Company : Oak Street Health Title : Outreach Associate Oak Street Health is a rapidly growing company of primary care centers for adults on Medicare in medically-underserved communities where there is little to no quality healthcare. Oak Street’s care is based on an entirely new model that is based on value for its patients, not on volume of services. The company is accountable for its patients’ health, spending more than twice as long with its patients and taking on the risks and costs of their care. For more information, visit http://www.oakstreethealth.com . Role Description The position of an Outreach Associate (OA) is a flexible outside sales position with the goal of adding new patients to an Oak Street Health center. As part of the outreach team, the OA creates, attends and/or runs events to meet with seniors, their adult children, and community influencers to meet prospective patients and to schedule their initial welcome visit appointment with Oak Street. While an integral member of the outreach team, each OA operates independently, with discretion in deciding daily tasks, and is responsible for designing, implementing, and executing all phases of an outreach and sales strategy. Responsibilities Examples of the types of activities Outreach Associates may participate in to attract and acquire new patients: Plan, participate, and lead a variety of outreach/marketing activities and events in the local community, including health fairs, presentations at senior buildings, activities at churches and food pantries, and any place where older adults may benefit from learning about Oak Street service offerings. Manage all aspects of generating prospective patient leads, from gathering contact information, following up to invite prospective patients to tour Oak Street community centers. Create and/or coordinate activities in locations both in Oak Street community centers and throughout the community, including entertaining parties, bingos, trivia and karaoke. Develop deep ties within the community to continuously connect with new prospective patients. Host regular events such as educational events on specific health topics, benefit programs, ESL and creative writing classes. Sign up eligible prospects to attend a welcome visit with our doctor and care team to experience the Oak Street Health care model. Conduct individual and small group presentations discussing the benefits of Oak Street Health with the intention of scheduling initial physical exams. Develop strong relationships with the people in their community. Other duties as applicable. Availability to work some weekends is a must, as, due to the flexible hours and nature of the position, Outreach Associates generally work at least two Saturdays or weekend events per month. What we’re looking for This is a highly selective position. Ideal candidates will have: A track record of success in healthcare-related sales and/or marketing A demonstrated ability to operate independently in a fast-paced environment A passion, patience, and ability to explain complex topics to seniors and their caregivers Ability to independently foster relationships with prospective patients, their caregivers, and other community stakeholders An understanding of the Medicare and Medicare Advantage programs Ability to educate community members about Medicare and Oak Street’s numerous service offerings Comfort with a performance-based compensation model where part of your compensation is determined upon meeting a quota and achieving team and individual goals Familiarity with a Customer Relations Management systems is preferred A commitment to performing meaningful work that dramatically improves the lives of older adults Strong verbal and written communications skills Experience in developing relationship with a variety of community stakeholders Ability to plan, manage, and execute a variety of marketing events Access to a vehicle that you can use every day to drive to events and activities in your community. Fluency in Spanish, Polish, Russian, or other languages spoken by people in the communities we serve (where necessary) US work authorization Someone who embodies being “Oaky”. What it means to be OAKY: Creating an unmatched patient experience Driving clinical excellence Taking ownership and driving for results Being scrappy Radiating positive energy Assuming good intentions Why Oak Street? Oak Street Health offers our coworkers advantages that can’t be found in other workplaces, including: The opportunity to be part of a hyper-growth company, focused on changing the future of healthcare. Paid vacation/sick time, retirement options, as well as health, vision, and dental benefits Supportive and fun culture High levels of responsibility and rapid advancement Opportunity to be at the forefront of a revolution in healthcare Why does Oak Street Health offer all of these benefits? Because we know what it takes to deliver the highest level of care, and our team deserves the best resources to succeed and enjoy their work. In return, we expect the best out of co-workers. Oak Street Health is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and encourage all interested readers to apply via our website: oakstreethealth.com/careers
 Technician/Agent. Geek Squad Advance Repair: Our Agents quickly and accurately diagnose client technology issues using specialty software and make solution-based recommendations to our clients in a timely fashion. This is a highly-coveted technology role that is perfect for geeks who thrive on both customer interaction and heads down troubleshooting. Geek Squad Advanced Repair Agents are highly regarded members of the team who are on a mission to rescue clients' software and hardware before time runs out. Key Accountabilities: Perform diagnostics and navigate requested and recommended repairs in a timely fashion Phone and in-person contact with clients to reveal diagnostic discoveries and make recommendations for protecting and defending client devices Partner with other team members to ensure proper documentation of client requests Support Geek Squad efforts to protect the world, one device at a time Basic Qualifications: 6+ months experience diagnosing, troubleshooting, or repairing technology products Experience actively using and learning about consumer electronics Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Technology Early Career Development Program (TECDP) Co-Op: Do you have a passion for technology? Cigna IT is looking for passionate technology-focused Co- op students to join the Technology Early Career Development Program (TECDP). The mission of the TECDP is to support the professional development needs of associates and talent requirements of Cigna IT by providing challenging assignments, structured training, and mentoring through a committed partnership between individual associates, program management and the IT organization. TECDP Co-ops will begin to shape their career path through their professional experiences with program support and discussions with mentors, TECDP buddies, peers, and co-workers. TECDP offers structured technical and non-technical training, networking opportunities, formal mentoring, and exposure to a breadth of technology across multiple lines of business. Throughout the 6 months, TECDP co-ops will be challenged to develop the skills and competencies necessary to become a successful IT professional. To help develop these skills, TECDP co-ops will participate in a group project during their time at Cigna. Fall/Winter co-ops complete a research project which generally evaluates a technology used within Cigna or proposes a new technology or change to our environment. Spring/Summer co-ops (along with interns located in AZ, CO, CT, MN, PA, TN) contribute to an innovation development project within the health services field. Spring/Summer co-ops may also have the opportunity to take a short trip up to our headquarters in Bloomfield, CT for the project orientation and final presentation. At the conclusion of the co-op, your hard work and achievements will be celebrated with an off-boarding event at a location determined by your co- op experience lead! Many of Cigna co-op associates pipeline into full-time employment upon graduation. These individuals have the opportunity to join the technical track or the rotational track. The rotational track focuses on broad-based development, providing associates with a total of three unique rotations, each approximately 12 to 18 months in length, giving diverse knowledge of Cigna IT. Rotational assignments include a variety of IT positions. The technical track focuses on deep development in a technology function or specific area of IT with increasing the complexity and scope of the role while in the program. Technical assignments are typically focused in application development or infrastructure areas. Full-time associates also have the potential to do an international assignment in Europe or Asia. Co-op Opportunities (include but are not limited to) • Application Developer - designs, codes, tests, and documents programs • Infrastructure Engineer – provide operational support for IT application test lab, including building and supporting server test hardware and software for application developers to test applications • Production Support - supports IT systems and application currently in production and resolves end-user incidents • Quality Assurance Analyst - tests new or modified applications • Business Analyst - formulates and defines system scope and objectives based on customer requirements and business need • Systems Analyst - works with business partner to identify and illustrate application requirements and turn them into detailed specifications • Project Manager - responsible for leading, planning, managing, and directing teams to accomplish specific objectives within defined constraints • Information Protection Specialist - responsible for supporting IT security measures • Architecture Specialist - creates standards and opportunities for reuse across IT to reduce cost and complexity. Assists with initial application design for fit and alignment Qualifications Preferred Qualifications: •Bachelor’s Degree in progress in Information Science & Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computer Engineering or Business related disciplines •Ability to effectively communicate via oral and written channels •Team player with strong interpersonal skills •Excellent analytical/technical skills and knowledge •Innovative thinker and problem solver •Energetic, motivated and career-driven •Seeks learning opportunities •3.0 or better overall GPA US Candidates Only : Qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status. If you require a special accommodation, please visit our Careers website or contact us at SeeYourself@cigna.com . Qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status. Need an accommodation? Email: SeeYourself@cigna.com
Director of Customer Experience: Insomnia Cookies was founded in a college dorm room in 2003 at the University of Pennsylvania, by then student, Seth Berkowitz and we have been feeding the insatiable hunger of our fans ever since. What makes us so great? We specialize in delivering warm, delicious cookies right to the doors of individuals and companies alike - What's not to love? Today we have more than 138 locations and are still growing! Whether you're feeding a craving or a crowd, our offerings of cookies, brownies, cookie cakes and even cold milk have you covered. We also serve and deliver ice cream at most of our locations. - For real! The very best teams need great leadership. Insomnia Cookies is hiring a Director of Customer Experience for our National Customer Service Center. As a Director of Customer Experience, it's your role to lead our team to deliver an outstanding customer experience for each and every one of our guests. The Director of Customer Experience will be responsible for effective operations and continuous process improvement with a focus on call center technology advancements and by providing leadership, direction and motivation to the workforce. Driving sales is a key component. Responsibilities Research, develop, test and rollout new call center technology system improvements. The goals are to become more effective, efficient and deliver a best in class customer experience. Oversee training personnel in development and execution of education programs for Self, Managers, Supervisors, Leads and Customer Service Representatives. This includes new hires as well as ongoing training. Must create an environment of learning. Oversee sourcing and hiring of top talent for all positions within our Customer Experience Team. Manage efficiency by staffing customer service to meet the fluctuations in customer demand. Identify and implement technology to achieve this goal and be constantly planning for upward scaling of team. Providing clear, accurate and timely communication to staff and leadership Ability to bring out the best performance in the workforce through employee engagement and an inclusive working environment Oversee and continuously improve quality assurance program. Research and implement technology that will positively impact quality assurance. Take incoming calls as needed and display professional, courteous demeanor when handling guest calls. Provide prompt and outstanding service to all guest inquiries. Answer questions/educate guests and customer service representatives on products and company policies. Set, communicate and monitor strategic goals of department Complete annual budgeting process, monitor through the course of the year and take appropriate action quickly where needed. Hold regular sales meetings focused on sales progress, sales opportunities and growth, competitive issues and ongoing training. Motivate the Inside Sales team to achieve individual team member goals. Research and incorporate technology to drive best sales results. Be present on call center floor and observe Managers, Supervisors, Leads and Customer Service Representatives by interacting on calls and coaching Review and request reports in order to analyze data and search for patterns and opportunities Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned from the VP Support Center and COO Requirements MUST have proven track record of developing, testing and implementing technology advancements in the call center environment. This includes tools such as IVR, Chat, Customer Surveys and other new software/contact center technological advancements. A dynamic change agent who is committed to continuous process improvement. Deep network of contacts and vendor companies within the call center industry. Ability to organize, prioritize workload, meet deadlines, and deliver results in a fast-paced and quickly expanding environment with minimal supervision. Must have exceptional follow through. Proven track record of self and team development. Both in soft and technical skills. Track record of driving sales both internally and externally. Formal sales training preferred. Demonstrated proficiency in the development of comprehensive reports. This includes the ability to collect, interpret, and present data, and reach effective decisions using such data. Three plus years Leadership/Management experience in a call center environment with a team of at least 100 Bachelor's degree preferred Ability to exercise sound judgment and to react with discretion under varying conditions Ability to maintain professionalism and use tact to resolve conflicts Must be able to work a varying schedule with emphasis on evening and weekend hours. Our hours are 22 hours a day 7 days a week. Please note that if you are unable to work varying schedules or cannot work on certain days this position will not be a good fit for you.
 NMCI/RDT&E Seat Representative: EOE Statement We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Category Information Technology Description Description: Effective management of the Cyber Security (CS) program throughout the Organization is critical to ensuring compliance with cyber security policies and the maintenance of acceptable levels of cyber security risk. The IT Coordinator role is to maintain cognizance over the information technology (IT) and CS support activities. As an embedded resource, ITC is responsible to promote the learning, understanding, and knowledge of unique environments within each technical Organization. This deep understanding of a technical Organization's mission and capabilities enables the IT/CS support personnel to provide tailored solutions in the areas for which they maintain cognizance, while still ensuring that all efforts align with the Organization requirements and policies established by higher authority. ITC duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: a. Act as a single point of contact for the Organization leadership on all IT/CS concerns. b. Advocate on behalf of the assigned Organization when participating in Division policy and procedure development. c. Develop strategic planning initiatives within the Organization for the delivery of IT/CS solutions and contribute to the Division strategic planning initiatives. d. Manage, track, and ensure compliance with annual CS Awareness Training within the Organization. e. Determine requirements for, and review, IT security exception requests. f. Maintain access to SIPRNET resources and check regularly for CTOs and CS Program announcements. g. Respond for the Organization to data calls associated with IT/CS program elements and/or the CSWF. h. Ensure audit readiness and execute activities necessary to prepare for Organization inspections of the IT/CS program. i. Coordinate with the Organization Information Assurance Officer (lAO) and NMCI Seat Rep to prepare and deliver status reports to the Department Heads, ISSM, and ACIO. Educational/Experience Requirements: Minimum of IAT Level II Certification (Microsoft Server and CompTia Sec + certifications) A minimum of 3 years' experience required. Must be a US citizen with the ability to obtain a Security Clearance. EHS Technologies Corporation is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Position Requirements Full-Time/Part-Time Full-Time Position Information Technology Coordinator Exempt/Non-Exempt Non-Exempt Location EHS Philadelphia Navy Yard Office About the Organization About the Organization WILL PRESENT HERE
 Chief Human Resources Officer: Overview Jazz Pharmaceuticals is an international biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients’ lives by identifying, developing and commercializing meaningful products that address unmet medical needs. We are continuing to expand our commercial product portfolio and our research and development pipeline in therapeutic areas that can leverage our unique expertise. Our therapeutic areas of focus include sleep and hematology/oncology – areas in which we have a deep understanding of the patient journey and a suite of products and product candidates to address critical needs. We are looking for the best and brightest talent to join our team. If you’re looking to be a part of a company with an unwavering commitment to improving patients’ lives and being a great place to work, we hope you’ll explore our career openings and get to know Jazz Pharmaceuticals. Position Profile Jazz Pharmaceuticals, a global biopharmaceutical company, was founded in 2003. Headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, our main offices are in Palo Alto, CA, Philadelphia, PA, Dublin, Ireland and Oxford, UK. We focus on improving patients’ lives by identifying, developing and commercializing meaningful products that address unmet medical needs. We are driven by one simple motivator: a genuine desire to improve patients’ lives. This is a universal truth across the entire organization, no matter the location, therapeutic focus, discipline or level of the individual. Since its creation, Jazz Pharmaceuticals has experienced strong corporate growth, and continues to build upon a dedicated development team, a focused commercial team and a seasoned management team, all working together for the betterment of patients. Our strategy is to create shareholder value by: Growing sales of the existing products in our portfolio, including by identifying new growth opportunities. Acquiring additional differentiated products that are on the market or product candidates that are in late stage development, and pursuing focused development of a pipeline of post discovery differentiated product candidates. Expecting to continue to grow both organically and through acquisitions, and other business development opportunities in the foreseeable future. Brief Description: Further Jazz’s mission to improve patients’ lives while making the company a great place to work! Lead development and execution of the global Human Capital strategy to drive and deliver on prioritized business results in line with the company’s strategy, goals, and values. In addition to leading the Human Resources function, also helps lead across the organization as a member of the company’s Executive Committee, serves as Chair of Total Rewards Committee, and is an active participant in Company’s Board of Director’s Compensation Committee. Reports to the Chairman and CEO. Essential Functions In collaboration with the CEO, other members of the Executive Committee (EC), and the senior Human Resources (HR) team, develops the global long- and short-term Human Capital strategy and goals for the company. Leads, directs and coaches an effective, respected and strong, global team of regular employees, contractors and RPO. Leads team on execution of the Human Capital strategy and prioritized goals to drive business success in line with Jazz’s overall mission, strategy, goals, and values Direct reports include Heads of: Talent Management (Talent Acquisition, Employee Engagement & Communication and Learning & Development), Compensation and Benefits, HR Business Partners, and HR Operations. Oversees the company’s HR programs, including Work Force Planning (includes talent mapping, succession planning and organizational development and design), Change Management initiatives, Total Rewards initiatives (“right” interplay of compensation, benefits and workplace culture), executive and other corporate compensation and benefit plans, Talent Acquisition programs, Management and Leadership development and Mergers and Acquisition projects Participates in and supports the development of the company’s short- and long-term strategies and programs. Oversees, from a human resource perspective, the evaluation and integration of mergers/acquisitions as part of Jazz’s overall growth strategy. Leads across the company, establishing relationships at all levels, as member of the EC and Diversity and Inclusion Oversight Committee, and as the Head of global HR; champion of Jazz’s culture (mission and values) at all times. Provides insight and guidance to CEO, and leaders and managers regarding Human Capital and Organizational Development & Design issues; confidant of CEO and others on the EC Oversees development of policies, programs and communications for effective management of people, change and other human capital issues in compliance with laws and regulations; works closely with internal employment counsel and others in the Legal & Compliance, Finance, IT and Facilities departments. Oversees preparation for and active participant in Board of Director Compensation Committee Meetings Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Significant (20+ years) successful global experience in leading cross-functional HR teams or combination of business/HR leadership with the last several years in HR; to drive business initiatives in line with values-oriented corporate culture Passion for patients and modeling of Jazz values; champion of company values and diversity and inclusion Business acumen and understanding of ways business strategies affect the workplace and culture (company culture and separate geographic cultures); cross-functional business understanding with P&L; orientation Ability to analyze situations and think critically (including consideration of risk, reward, potential outcomes) based on knowledge, insights, data, and determining what is best for the company, patients and employees on a longer-term basis Continual learner and ability to stay abreast of external factors (opportunities and threats) affecting the workplace; uses research, networking, experience and internal/external data to drive the right decisions for the company in line with company’s strategy, goals, mission and values Acumen to balance resources and understand the financial implications and tradeoffs in every aspect of the business including talent and systems; ability to assess growth and development of the company and analyze data and desired outcomes to determine appropriate prioritized investments for the future Ability to influence and lead across the company as a member of a senior management team; develop strong working relationships with diverse team of senior level team members Experience successfully managing significant change initiatives that drive business initiatives Timely quality decision making (mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment); sought out by others for advice and solutions Breadth of understanding and knowledge of significant HR areas of responsibility Track record of extremely high integrity – instills trust as a leader and peer Values differences and track record of strong execution through teams Track record of successful development and coaching of individuals and teams; models driving and measuring accountability and, providing and receiving feedback; flexibility with and ability to effectively leverage strengths of different working styles to drive desired outcomes Excellent interpersonal skills and strong emotional intelligence Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Previous life-science experience a plus Required/Preferred Education and Licenses Bachelors’ degree in a related area; advanced degree preferred. Certification or related advanced training is preferred _Jazz Pharmaceuticals is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any characteristic protected by law._
Plant Operator - Carneys Point: NAES Corporation has an immediate opening for a Plant Operator at the Carneys Point 262 MW pulverized coal-fired cogeneration facility located within the grounds of the DuPont Chambers Works, an industrial complex in Carneys Point, NJ. About NAES: We are an independent services company dedicated to delivering value to facilities across the power generation, oil & gas, petrochemical, pulp & paper, and manufacturing industries. For more than 35 years, we have drawn on our deep experience in advisory, operations, maintenance, fabrication, construction, engineering, compliance, technical support, asset management and energy management services to assess, build, operate and maintain sites that run safely, reliably and cost-effectively. We operate more than 150 power plants throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico that span all technologies and provide over 41 GW of capacity. With the strength of 4000 people, our growing family of companies now addresses the entire life cycle of power generation and other industrial plants. NAES offers competitive compensation, a comprehensive benefits package (including retirement) and promotional opportunities. The Plant Operator has the primary responsibility of directly operating plant equipment at its location within the plant in a safe, reliable and efficient manner and in full compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, policies and procedures. He or she records operational data and reports any abnormalities. He or she may also perform routine maintenance on equipment and power plant systems, and ensures their safe, proper, and efficient operation. PRIMARY FUNCTIONS Starts, stops, regulates, monitors and controls boilers, turbine generators, and all auxiliary equipment, usually using controls located directly on the equipment. Observes, records and interprets indications from instrumentation and control systems located directly on power plant systems. Assists in the investigation of plant problems, incidents, accidents, and unusual events and provides analyses, recommendations, reports and appropriate follow-up plans. Determines the need for, and performs routine operational tests and adjustments on, all power plant systems and components, as necessary. Checks daily consumption rates of chemicals, fuels and water, monitors supply inventories and initiates action to replenish them when appropriate. Performs equipment switching and hold order tagging. Writes, reviews and revises operating and related procedures. Performs routine basic preventive and predictive maintenance on all systems and equipment and supports corrective maintenance efforts on selected equipment when properly trained or supervised. Maintains logs, records, and data sheets; prepares reports and other administrative documents related to the business of steam and power production. Performs routine water chemistry testing during off-hours. Displays professional behavior at all times. SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY Requires knowledge of own assignments and eventually others in the department, as well as, that of company structure and operations. Should possess an understanding of the departmental goals and activities. Perform other duties as required by plant conditions. NAES SAFE Safety is a core value of NAES and as a condition of employment, all employees are expected to be mentally alert and work safely at all times. Additionally, employees are required to adhere to all safety warnings and posted safety signs whenever on company property. Furthermore, employees must follow all NAES safety rules and procedures. Effectiveness in carrying out this responsibility is part of the evaluation of each and every employee’s performance. WORKING RELATIONSHIPS The Plant Operator reports to the Shift Supervisor and provides work direction to Assistant Plant Operators. The Plant Operator may also give direction to maintenance personnel on matters pertaining to plant operations. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS Physical requirements include standing on feet for extended periods, requiring stair and ladder climbing and routinely lifting up to 50 pounds. Protective equipment must be worn in the performance of some duties (e.g. hard hats, safety glasses, air masks, ear protection, chemical suits, hot gloves and high voltage protective equipment, etc.). Work with hazardous materials may be required. Position requires extended working hours and varied shifts with weekend and holiday work, as required by schedules, work load and plant conditions. "On call" status will periodically be required. All employees will participate in the Fitness for Duty Program. This program includes a post-offer physical examination and drug screening and post employment random drug screening. There are extensive smoking restrictions in and around the facility. JOB QUALIFICATIONS Ability to read and write in English and perform basic mathematical computations; high school or vocational school diploma preferred Three years of experience in an industrial or military environment Knowledge of power plant equipment, such as motors, pumps, boilers, fluid systems, chemical handling, water treatment systems, cooling towers, pollution control equipment, AC and DC electrical distribution and control systems, etc. Basic knowledge/ability to understand fundamental principles of physics, mathematics, AC and DC electrical theory, heat transfer and fluid flow, thermodynamics and chemistry Ability to read and comprehend mechanical and electrical drawings, P&IDs, single line diagrams, schematics and logic diagrams. Knowledge of power plant safety procedures, especially in such areas as chemical handling, high energy systems, confined spaces, incipient fire suppression, first aid, rotating machinery, heavy equipment operation, etc. Knowledge of maintenance functions as they relate to plant operations Knowledge of power plant systems Ability to operate valves, switches, controls, keyboards and other devices associated with power plant and material handling equipment Ability to use basic hand tools, portable electric and pneumatic tools, basic rigging such as winches, hoists and slings and implements such as lances, shovels, pry bars, etc. Ability to understand an apply plant procedures Ability to recognize hazards, anticipate accidents and implement corrective measures and policies in order to avoid them Ability to work rotating shift work, including days, nights, Holidays and unscheduled overtime as needed Computer proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint applications), GP Learning Module, and CMMS MP2 Module. Valid driver’s license. It is the practice of NAES to seek employees of the highest quality and to select the individuals on the basis of merit and competence, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, military status or affiliation protected under USERRA, or any other basis of discrimination prohibited by applicable local, state and federal law.
 Claims & Benefits Specialist: Company Description Accolade at a glance… Accolade is a personalized health and benefits solution that dramatically improves the experience, outcomes and cost of healthcare for employers, health plans and their members. With a unique blend of compassionate advisors, clinical experts and intelligent technologies, we engage individuals and families in their health, establish trust, and influence their decisions at every stage of care. Accolade connects the widest array of personal health data and programs to present a single point of contact to the most effective health and benefits resources, while coordinating with providers at every step. Accolade consistently achieves 70 and higher Net Promoter Scores, 98% consumer satisfaction ratings, and up to 15% employer cost savings. Accolade has been recognized as one of the nation’s 25 most promising companies by Forbes, a fastest-growing private healthcare company by Inc. 5000, and is consistently rated a Top Workplace across the country. For more information, visit accolade.com. Job Description Role overview The Claims and Benefit Specialist you will work to provide Accolade Health Assistants (AHAs) accurate and timely resolution to their clients’ problems while coaching AHAs and improving their claims and coverage knowledge. In addition, you will continuously evaluate trends, content and processes and make recommendations to fix or improve them. This job requires deep claims and benefit knowledge, critical thinking, creative problem solving, the consistent application of discretion and good judgment, a high degree of organization, the ability to multi-task, and the ability to develop strong health plan partner relationships. A day in the life… Act as a trusted resource for complex claims and benefit questions and issue resolution. Act as a liaison to our health plan partners and providers in solving complex claims and benefit issues. Educate AHAs by helping them better understand claims and benefit questions/issue resolution, and support ongoing training/learning with the Health Assistant Center (HAC). Collaborate with Accolade teammates, health plans, and providers to deliver the best possible service experience for Accolade clients. Handle claim disputes with partner health plans on behalf of the client Ensure compliance with internal and external health plan partner business processes. Develop and maintain solid working relationships and processes with health plans and other payors. Support AHAs with eligibility, benefits, and claims questions and/or issue resolution, including understanding the root cause of the issue Handle claims disputes with partner health plans on behalf of the client. Handle claim disputes with partner health plans on behalf of the client Listen, assess, and comprehend the clients’ presenting issue(s) and use critical thinking, judgment, and problem solving to take appropriate action. Identify opportunities to improve how we resolve claims and benefit issues, including improvements to MRM (our customized service platform), our benefit content, and other tools and resources. Leveraging your industry knowledge and influencing skills, encourage future collaboration with health plans and providers. Participate in special projects as requested Provide colleagues with timely and accurate solutions to their client’s complex claims problems. Effectively manage an ongoing portfolio of claims/benefits issues, ensuring timely, complete and accurate resolution in support of client expectations and health plan processing guidelines. Qualifications What we are looking for… A thorough understanding of health care delivery and previous experience with medical benefits (primarily self-insured plans) and claims from either provider or payor perspective. Health Plan or third party payor claims processing experience with strong technical skills (business expertise) and knowledge of various lines of business and applicable coding (CPT, HCPCS, ICD-9/10, DRG, etc.) Health Plan business/benefit analyst with an emphasis on claims coding (see above line) and benefit set-up Health Plan claims quality assurance Practice Management or Hospital –Familiar with all bill types and national account billing Engage others by being a good listener with a solid capacity for empathy. Possess excellent communication skills and the ability to convey passion and enthusiasm. Possess superior ingenuity, judgment and problem solving skills. Partner/work with teammates to solve issues for clients. Organized, dependable and meticulous. Flexible with a high tolerance for ambiguity. The ability for self-reflection and the capacity to accept and implement feedback. Must be computer literate at an intermediate or advanced level. Must display honesty and integrity. Must be comfortable working in a telephonic environment with clients, health plans, and providers. Additional Information What is important to us Creating an enduring company that is hyper-focused on our culture and making a meaningful impact in the lives of our employees, members and customers. The secret to our success is: We find joy and purpose in serving others Making a difference in our members’ and customers’ lives is what we do. Even when it’s hard, we do the right thing for the right reasons. We are strong individually and together, we’re powerful Trusting in our colleagues and embracing their different backgrounds and experiences enable us to solve tough problems in creative ways, having fun along the way. We roll up our sleeves and get stuff done Results motivate us. And we aren't afraid of the hard work or tough decisions needed to get us there. We’re boldly and relentlessly reinventing healthcare We're curious and act big - not afraid to knock down barriers or take calculated risks to change the world, one person at a time.
 Connected Devices Sales Consultant: What does a Best Buy Connected Devices Sales Consultant do? Do you love listening to the latest tunes through your portable headphones? Or, using a wearable to track the amount of physical activity you perform in a day? If you think it would be fun to sell these products check out the Best Buy Connected Devices Sales Consultant role. Best Buy Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services and work closely with other sales team members. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development. Armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy experience; ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Sales Consultants develop strong relationships with customers and bring them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. The Best Buy Sales Consultant engages customers by utilizing selling skills to build the right solutions for our customers. They will sell a broad range of products and services including health and fitness, head phones and portable speakers using a proven structured approach while at the same time developing in-depth knowledge of the latest technology. Job responsibilities include: Provide personalized service and exceptional expertise for customers. Handle all aspects of the sale including customer contracts and warranties, customer payments, cash and credit card/check transactions. Develop, maintain and communicate strong, up-to-date knowledge of health and fitness, head phones and portable speakers products, accessories, pricing plans and service features. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Chief Customer Officer: The Customer Center of Excellence Leader is a company-wide catalyst to recognize and promote excellence in customer experience while driving continuous improvement. Inspires and influences change…from the front line to executive leadership. This leader builds a differentiated customer experience that brings to life the company’s brand promise and Vison, Values and Mission. This executive-level role is accountable for delivering a customer experience aligned to the brand and values of the company by developing and driving the customer experience vision throughout the organization, through customer engagement, support, customer success, learning, knowledge management, online community, and client relationship management. Demonstrating a customer- obsessed mentality, this leader engages the organization in managing customer relationships, recurring revenue, and profit. It creates a persistent focus on the customer in the actions the company takes globally for on-premise, Cloud, on-demand and other offerings. This role drives the organization to work together for optimum customer experience delivery, steers customer-led innovation, engagement, advocacy and intimacy, and leads customer learning, knowledge management and online community offerings. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Leads the transformation of the culture ensuring that the customer is at the center of all decisions. Drives positive customer experiences that create client value and satisfaction (external and internal), retention and growth, building on voice of the customer feedback, and qualitative and quantitative data. Clarifies a common approach and process for driving operational efficiency across the customer lifecycle, and the work across the organization Champions and leverages sources such as voice of customer insights and analytics, emotional and behavioral research, and customer journey mapping, to fully understand our customers’ experience with us, while focusing daily on delivering value to the company, solving customer experience problems and realistically developing new opportunities. Provides oversight to client relationship management, customer success, online communities, knowledge management and customer education, ensuring post-sale contact with clients maximize client retention and assist clients in the use of the organization's products and/or services. Encourages and works closely with Sales to understand technical and business challenges of the client. Ensures that team understands how to provide the highest level of service and increase value for customers. Establishes metrics for defining the relationship with customers, to manage global customers as an asset and oversight of a united platform for understanding and taking action. Influences cross-company agreement on how to deliver greatest value and best experience to customers in partnership with leaders, drives customer accountability through cross-company data and metrics Oversees, and if required engages in, escalated client issues. Accountable for and ensures customer and partner satisfaction. Leads a team while working collaboratively with other departments, including but not limited to Product Management, Marketing, Finance, Software Development, Account Services, Sales and Consulting to drive customer success. Oversees the identification of opportunities to increase sales of products and/or services and analyze competitor activities to assess any threats to important clients. Oversees the organization's knowledge management and customer education programs. Ensures customer and associated employee training programs are developed that maximize product satisfaction and company revenues. Continually identify evolving customer needs, wants and the priorities customers place on them to help the organization continue to win today and stay ahead of the competition. Leverages customer data as an asset to provide leading insights into client and employee activities, performance and insights where applicable. Maintain a deep knowledge of client industry, product, and role in the market. Lead or participate in other projects or duties. Travel required. SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: Coach employees on career development opportunities and strategies. Manage and coach employees on all human resource related processes including: selection, performance management, employee relations, terminations, compensation and rewards, employee development, etc. Recognize others’ contributions and share credit for success. Own attainment of high employee satisfaction and retention; lead development of program and initiatives within group to attain high employee satisfaction. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Demonstrate leadership skills and the ability to influence at all levels within the organization. Ability to establish and drive a “customer obsessed or customer first” culture among leaders and staff. Ability to affect and drive organizational change in particular as it relates to customer culture. Ability to establish clear outcomes aligned with strategy, manage to them, and effectively report on progress. Ability to manage multiple complex, high visibility or high impact projects simultaneously. Ability to facilitate consensus when confronted with strong opposing views. Excellent organizational and communication (oral, written, presentation and facilitation) skills. Must possess strong EQ skills and exhibit emotional stability and maturity in the face of highly emotional and stressful situations. Must be able to successfully interact with and influence executives and non-executives. Must be results oriented, customer focused and able to manage multiple high-visibility or high-impact projects simultaneously. Ability to apply broad expertise or unique knowledge and professional concepts to develop resolutions to critical issues. Ability to create formal networks with key decision makers. Ability to listen and understand information and communicate the same. Ability to work without supervision. Complete latitude for decision making. Proficiency in Microsoft Office packages. Sufficient knowledge of business communication, including telephone, voicemail, and e-mail and operations of office machines, such as photocopier, scanner, and fax. EDUCATION, TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. Master’s degree in Business or Computer Science a plus. 15+ years’ experience within the software application development environment, with a minimum of 7-10 years supervisory and leadership experience and 5+ years management responsibility over customer engagement, support, learning, knowledge management, customer success, digital community, and/or client relationship management. Enterprise software and services experience required; Cloud/SaaS operations experience preferred Working knowledge of customer lifecycle, key legal aspects commercial and client requirements required Understands the ecosystem in which Vertex operates and how it affects customer experience Has awareness of emerging technology trends and drives incubation of those applies technologies to support global digital support transformation. Exposure to customer learning and knowledge management preferred Global experience preferred Sales or customer-facing experience preferred Exposure to Sourcing strategies, mixed-labor models, partnership (Process outsourcing, Managed services) REQUIRED FOUNDATIONAL COMPETENCIES: Builds Relationships: Fosters open dialogue and obtains shared commitment to proposals; shared ideas and information to promote mutual understanding, respect, and effective decision-making. Drives for Results: Acts to create opportunities for Vertex or to avoid future problems; has the courage to act with incomplete information rather than simply thinking about it; maintains a focused commitment to achieving enterprise objectives. Knows the Business: Understands and applies knowledge of Vertex’s business and processes to accomplish goals. Anticipates Customer Needs (internal and external): Establishes and maintains productive relationships with customers and partners, anticipating their needs. Learns Continuously: Expands own knowledge base to enhance performance; seeks development to increase strengths for current and future needs. REQUIRED LEADERSHIP COMPETENCIES: Fosters Innovation: Provides an environment that supports alternative approaches and leads to new processes, products, and services. Promotes Customer Intimacy: Creates an enterprise in which customers are proud to do business with Vertex; collaborates with customers and partners to develop strategies to meet mutual objectives. Aligns and Engages: Aligns people, processes, information systems, and structure with the strategic direction; ensures that expectations are clear, priorities established, focus maintained, and tough decisions addressed; works to gain commitment and buy-in. Develop Talent: Works with others in a helpful way to increase their competence and confidence; eliminates barriers and provides needed resources and support for personal and professional growth.
Learning Tools Strategist: Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always re-examining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. As a Learning Tool Strategist, you’ll join the larger Pearson Courseware team. You will play a critical role in championing the vision for new tools and enhancements to existing tools, which you will then collaborate to bring to life across global education. To be successful, you’ll need to build deep relationships and work across the fast-paced world of Pearson and education technology. Responsibilities: \+ Works closely with Portfolio management, Marketing, and other teams to conduct discipline-specific market research to gather customer & learner needs, inform & propose new product features and content, and determine demand for current and future learning tools, products, & product models. \+ Engages directly with customers & customer-facing teams to understand customer use cases and workflows and anticipate learning tool consumption across product lifecycle & product models. Builds strong relationships with Pearson experts, customers, & thought leaders to inform, validate, and refine new learning tools, content, and associated products. \+ Collaborates with cross-functional teams (UX, Learning Design, and others) to develop product-appropriate design & content strategies while applying customer-informed curriculum and pedagogy perspectives. Translates & facilitates between authors, product teams, and vendors to ensure that content is effectively authored to meet product specs and objectives. \+ Conducts preliminary assessment of cost and technology feasibility & business opportunity for implementing new product features and content. Informs business cases for product feature & content requirements to evaluate against defined product models & business priorities. \+ Manages vendor & technology partner relationships to ensure requirements, capabilities & standards, planned development, and timelines meet product goals and market expectations. \+ Provides ready input, support, and guidance to sales, marketing, implementation, and support teams for current and forthcoming digital products and learning tools for both Pearson Higher Ed and likely competitors. \+ Supports continuous content improvement capability based on customer feedback, usage patterns and other data to improve learner experience. Qualifications BA or BS required. Relevant graduate-level work is a plus.1 yr of customer- facing or sales experience, especially presenting/facilitating complex ideas or new technology. Experience in education or corporate learning industries a plus.1 yrs of product management or new product development experience.Must be willing to work with remote teams and travel at least once a quarter.Strong interpersonal skills with a focus on teamwork and the ability to foster/maintain relationships internally and externally.Great written and oral communication skills, as well as presentation skills.Excellent project management skills, including ability to effectively manage a high volume of simultaneous projects. Proven track record in developing project plans for complex digital projects and delivering the required technology/software/digital content on schedule. Exceptional attention to detail and ability to balance short-term and long-term deadlines.Solid grounding in web and mobile software technologies with proven ability to work closely with vendors and development teams.Familiarity with and understanding of the most current digital and mobile technologies.The ideal candidate will have a passion for innovative technology and improving education. LI-2KM Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-MA-Boston Other Locations US-CA-San Francisco, US-NJ-Hoboken, US-OH-Columbus Work Locations: US-MA-Boston-501 Boylston 501 Boylston St Boston 02116 Job: Technology Organization: Global Product Employee Status: Regular Employee Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 9, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1811167 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Research Staff Member, Distributed Deep Learning Platform: Job Description IBM Research is the innovation engine of IBM. Nearly every game-changing breakthrough in the information technology industry has its roots in an IBM Research lab. It has been a home for creative scientific minds since 1945, when Thomas J. Watson Sr. established the first corporate pure science research lab in the U.S. We are primed to define the future of technology for many years to come specifically around the world of Artificial Intelligence. We believe AI will transform the world in dramatic ways in the coming years – and our Research AI group is advancing the field through our portfolio of research and through collaboration with like-minded institutions including MIT (MIT-IBM Watson Lab - http://mitibmwatsonailab.mit.edu) and individuals to push the boundaries of AI faster – for the benefit of industry and society. Job Description We’re looking for Researchers with expertise in Distributed Systems as well as Machine Learning and Deep Learning to conduct foundational research. As a Research Staff Member working on our AI platform projects, you will work on ground-breaking and exciting projects. You will help design and implement state of the art AI systems that will have an impact on real world initiatives. You will collaborate with some of the brightest minds to take AI research ideas and turn them into scalable and robust systems. We want to bring out the best in you and expect you to do the same to us. Your dedicated approach to creative problem solving will be essential to the success of our team and the company. Responsibilities You will develop algorithms, protocols, and distributed system architectures for a new generation AI platform Work to continuously improve the AI platform’s infrastructure, capabilities and reach Provide improvements and advancements to the platform’s deep learning component to lower the barrier of entry for AI model creation and management Collaborate with other researchers, engineers and team members on theoretical and practical projects You will conduct world-class research in AI, publish in top-tier conferences and journals and file patent disclosures when appropriate You will assist in the development and commercialization of the meaningful assets 081583 Required Technical and Professional Expertise PhD in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or related technical fields Expertise with large-scale system engineering and distributed systems Experience with deep learning frameworks with the ability to work independently with the latest AI tools and frameworks Expertise with any of the following languages: Python, Java, C, C++, Go, Julia Validated background, publication record and experience in communicating your research in technical communities Proven social skills and ability to work in a team are meaningful Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Advanced skill level with standard machine learning techniques and frameworks including but not limited to TensorFlow, PyTorch Experience with automated distributed deployment and scaling technologies such as Kubernetes and Docker Experience with one or more of the following areas: hyper-parameter tuning, reinforcement learning, knowledge engineering, reasoning, planning, decision-making EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Learning Producer: We are looking for Learning Producer to work with our clients to deliver a successful program that is heavily tailored to the client needs. This person will work directly with clients and the client services team. The Learning Producer will need to work across a varied group of teams to execute on the deliverable, including production, client services, product and sales. Key Responsibilities: The Learning Solution Producer is responsible for creating and delivering a successfulprogram based on the client needs. This includes maintaining the project plans, working with production and client services teams, communicating to end client, and contributing to strategic planning. Key Responsibilities include : Responsible for managing a program of work from point of sale, requirements gathering, scoping, development, and implementation. Making sure to deliver on the client deliverables and maintaining first class customer relationships. Liaising with the Program Manager and Production Team (including managers, developers, graphic designers and instructional designers). Meeting the stated time, cost and quality of delivery criteria, ensuring our client's requirements are met and exceeded. Running status and update meetings with internal teams as well as clients facing teams as necessary, identifying, documenting and managing to completion project risks, issues and actions. Preparing project plans and liaising with internal stakeholders and partners to meet the agreed deadlines. Driving projects through to successful completion and being accountable to clients. Working with the client services team to maintaining regular contact (email, telephone and face-to-face communication) with clients to ensure programmes and projects run smoothly. Potentially managing a Project Manager (depending on the complexity and size of a program). Cost control, including management of change control process, to ensure that the agreed programme and project budgets are adhered to. Experience Required: Previous and successful project management experience in a customer facing role is required. Strong time management skills, communication skills, and a proficiency in Microsoft Office (especially Excel) are required. Experience working within a matrix team environment is preferred. Extremely detailed orientated Proven success in managing multiple projects and competition priorities Most Critical Technical Competencies Microsoft Project experience preferred Ability to work with on-line authoring tools, web portals Knowledge of Learning Management Systems and/or the Compliance, Ethics & Governance industry is a plus. CCEP certification is a plus Self-driven and ability to lead Here is a little about us: With more than 25 years’ experience, SAI Global is a privately held company with operations throughout the world, including North America, Asia-Pacific, and EMEA. In 2016 SAI Global leadership unanimously supported a $1 billion takeover bid from private equity firm Baring Private Equity Asia. Today, SAI Global and Baring Private Equity remain committed to extending their global reach and developing their position as a market leader in the development and delivery of B2B governance, compliance and risk management solutions. SAI Global Compliance provides a full range of governance, risk and compliance (GRC) software applications, learning and awareness solutions and advisory consulting services. With over 28 offices worldwide, the Company combines deep expertise with practical technology solutions to help thousands of organizations reduce risk, enhance compliance, streamline governance and make better decisions. At SAI Global, we help organizations proactively manage risk to achieve business excellence, growth, sustainability and ultimately, create trust. Our integrated risk management solutions are a combination of world-class tech platforms, learning tools, and advisory services that operate across the entire lifecycle allowing businesses to focus on opportunities presented by uncertainty. Together, these tools and content services enable customers to develop a holistic, integrated view of risk. SAI Global head office is located in Chicago. We employ more than 2,000 people across 29 countries and 51 locations across Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific.
 Software Engineer, Deep Learning CNN: Job Description Software Engineer, Tools, Convolutional Neural Network Somerville, MA, USA Avigilon, a Motorola Solutions company, is defining the future of the security industry through innovative end-to-end-solutions. We’re changing the landscape of the surveillance industry through advanced award-winning AI based surveillance systems. Artificial Intelligence is transforming the world and our team is advancing the field as it applies to the surveillance industry. We are proud to be industry leaders in video analytics with products like Appearance Search and Unusual Motion Detection along with our recently launched Avigilon Blue cloud service platform. You will have the opportunity to contribute to intelligent camera surveillance systems through cutting edge research and software engineering. Avigilon’s solutions have been installed in more than 120 countries at thousands of customer sites, including school campuses, transportation systems, healthcare centers, public venues, critical infrastructure, prisons, factories, casinos, airports, financial institutions, government facilities, and retailers. Position Overview: Avigilon is looking for a versatile and talented Senior Software Engineer to work in a multidisciplinary team of Engineers and Research Engineers in the goal of building the next artificial intelligence solutions for Video Surveillance and Business Intelligence. As a Software Engineer, your responsibility is to lay out a solid infrastructure for Research Engineers to make progress at a higher pace. You will also collaborate with various product development teams to deliver high quality software solutions to our customers. Responsibilities include: Effectively collaborating, and communicating with engineers and research engineers in a multi-disciplinary environment. Designing, implementing and documenting software solutions that address specific requirements. Diligently choosing and deploying Relational and Non-Relational database technologies. Designing and implementing big data management and processing strategies, infrastructures and algorithms. Making effective use of Object Oriented Software design patterns Designing and implementing highly scalable and available applications Qualifications: Programming in languages including C++, C, Python and JavaScript Web development (HTTP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, web stacks, etc.) Experience developing and deploying applications under Linux and Windows Experience with Cloud computing models including IaaS, PaaS and SaaS Experience with TCP/IP networking, transport layer protocols including TCP and UDP, and application layer protocols including HTTP, RTP and RTSP Experience developing and consuming REST and SOAP services Experience with distributed computing models including MapReduce Preference will be given to candidates with the following skills and experience: Experience with handling and analyzing big data Experience with machine learning framework Experience with image and video processing Perks at Avigilon: As a full-time employee of Avigilon, you are eligible to receive a comprehensive benefits package which includes a competitive salary with full benefits including extended health, dental, vision, paid vacation and holidays, 401K, participation in corporate events, etc.
 Deep Learning Specialist: Qualifications Master's degree in quantitative field like Computer Science, Engineering or related field required, with significant focus on deep learning; Ph.D. is a strong plus 2+ years experience in Python and/or Java; additional knowledge of other programming languages (C++, R, etc.) 2+ years professional or academic experience with common deep networks including convolutional networks, recurrent networks and autoencoders Experience in working with large datasets and relational databases (SQL) Experience with deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Caffe, Torch, Theano; projects on computer vision are a strong plus Experience with computer vision techniques and libraries (OpenCV) Experience with sourcing datasets for different use cases Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively 50% travel required Who You'll Work With You’ll work with our Analytics group in Waltham, Massachusetts at our Knowledge Center. As a member of this team, you’ll work with McKinsey consulting teams to build deep network models, creating a foundation for sound recommendations for client studies and internal projects. What You'll Do You will analyze and evaluate data and build deep networks to detect or predict features, while effectively balancing quality, availability, timeliness and cost factors. Leveraging your advanced data analysis skills, you will create innovative approaches to answer our clients’ most relevant questions. You will apply cutting-edge deep networks to an enormous variety of problems across several industries. You will work with consultants, clients and internal teams to prepare complex data analyses and models that help solve client problems and deliver significant measurable impact. Your work will be project-oriented and you will often be responsible for the entire analytical process – from outlining the type of solution through implementation, interpretation of results and transferring capabilities to the client or colleagues. You will constructively discuss your findings in dialog with consultants and clients while always looking for the best solution. Working on projects and exchanging experiences with your colleagues means you will face new intellectual challenges on a daily basis, while continuously building your methodological knowledge and skills.
 Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Chief, Learning and Community Engagement: The Museum of Fine Arts, Boston has established a new leadership team position for Learning and Community Engagement which encompasses the Museum’s community, educational, programming, engagement and volunteer functions. As we chart a course for museums in the 21st Century, we seek an inspiring colleague who will be active in helping us to address the imperatives and opportunities at this moment, and within our communities. With a belief that working with others and sharing our platform will lead us to new knowledge and new alliances, the Chief will draw on a celebrated record in previous positions, to inspire and position the Museum as a true cultural leader of learning and engagement in our city. To realize this, the Chief will show a commitment to integrating culture, learning, creativity and civic engagement within all that we do at the Museum. In doing so, she/he will help to create an organization that leads in celebrating art and artists, recognition by our community and visitors of the necessity of art and our museum in their lives, and positive change in how we learn from each other. Our colleague will have a track record of strategic thinking and program implementation which centers on innovative learning engagement with audiences and evident belief in truly reciprocal relationships with our visitors, partners, and community. A big thinker, this leader will also be someone who thrives on getting structures right, and knowing how to put a team together. That team will be dynamic and forward looking, leading change within the Museum and advocating for opportunities to integrate the diverse voices of our communities that we may better understand the issues of our times always through the lens of art. Ideal Candidate Profile: Reporting to the Director, the Chief will embrace and champion the Museum’s core value, namely that the experience of our visitor is paramount to our mission, strategies and achievements. The Chair will be a clear voice and active colleague within a strong Leadership Team. She/he will galvanize and inspire departmental staff around engaging programs that deeply connect across departments within the MFA and throughout the community, enhance relations with existing partners and donors, and develop new ones, all while fostering a culture of inclusion for staff, volunteers and our visitors. This will be achieved by both a spirit and methodology that is open, reciprocal, curious, and suggests a lifetime process of productively engaging with others. In personal belief, expression of values, and expertise, this leader will articulate: Skills, Experience and Qualities: An evident understanding and passion for the museum sector with a personal and professional commitment linking the Museum to our city and artistic community. An active belief in collaboration with others, as learning opportunities, team building processes and advocacy for new audiences. Deep and evident commitment to the learning and educational sector. A belief that through the lens of art and artists we can embrace the diversity of our communities inclusively. A culture of accountability for achieving stated objectives (and experience in doing so) within the framework of the MFA’s strategic plan. A commitment to making excellent and timely decisions, clearly as one who thrives on moving plans and objectives forward. Ability to manage, mentor and retain talent through commitment to training and professional development of staff. A commitment to supporting and contributing to the success of an institution’s business and financial imperatives. Personal Qualities and Attributes: Intellectual rigor Inspirational, passionate, curious Generosity of spirit, a team player Superior judgment, tact and diplomacy We have retained Sally Sterling Executive Search to handle this search. Please send your credentials directly to: MFABoston@SallySterlingExecutiveSearch.com. The MFA is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to building a culturally diverse staff and strongly encourages applications from diverse candidates.
Applied Scientist - Alexa Deep Learning: Job Description Amazon is looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive Scientist with a strong machine learning background to help build industry-leading Speech and Language technology. Our mission is to push the envelope in Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), Natural Language Understanding (NLU), and Audio Signal Processing, in order to provide the best-possible experience for our customers. As a Scientist, you will work with talented peers to develop novel algorithms and modeling techniques to advance the state of the art in spoken language understanding. Your work will directly impact our customers in the form of products and services that make use of speech and language technology. You will leverage Amazon’s heterogeneous data sources and large-scale computing resources to accelerate advances in spoken language understanding. We are hiring in all areas of spoken language understanding: ASR, NLU, text- to-speech (TTS), and Dialog Management. Position Responsibilities: Participate in the design, development, evaluation, deployment and updating of data-driven models and analytical solutions for machine learning (ML) and/or natural language (NL) applications. Develop and/or apply statistical modeling techniques (e.g. Bayesian models and deep neural networks), optimization methods, and other ML techniques to different applications in business and engineering. Routinely build and deploy ML models on available data. Research and implement novel ML and statistical approaches to add value to the business. Mentor junior engineers and scientists. Basic Qualifications Graduate degree (MS or PhD) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, or Mathematics with specialization in speech recognition, natural language processing, or machine learning. Familiar with programming languages such as C/C++, Java, Perl or Python. Preferred Qualifications Experience in building speech recognition and natural language processing systems (e.g. commercial speech products or government speech projects) Solid Machine Learning background and familiar with standard speech and machine learning techniques. Scientific thinking and the ability to invent, a track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the field Solid software development experience Good written and spoken communication skills. To learn more about the Digital Products team at Amazon, visithttp://www.amazon.com/careers/digitalproducts and apply now. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer - Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation speech-jobs
 Operations Assistant: About LEWIS We are an entrepreneurial integrated communications agency that has gone from start-up to multi-national in twenty three years. We now rank among the top 40 agencies worldwide with 29 offices, 550 employees and revenue of $64m and rising. Our success is due to a combination of factors: talented people delivering award winning campaigns; expanding client relationships into new markets and services; making strategic acquisitions. Our people, agency and campaigns have not gone unnoticed. We have won many prestigious awards in the last 18 months including Cannes Lions, Holmes Report, ICCO, PRCA. Central to our growth has been our policy of reinvestment, with the majority of profits returning to the company to propel development. We can do this because we are independent and 100% employee-owned. As we enter the next phase of growth, our challenge is not to lose any of our character and values. We will communicate a clear and visible brand in the marketplace. We will continue to promote our entrepreneurialism, agility, creativity, credibility and professionalism. We will ensure that we inspire and help our clients to shape tomorrow. It’s an exciting future, and we believe we are at the start of something truly remarkable in our industry. What we look for in our people Agile, bold, collaborative, inquisitive and spirited. These are our values and what we look for in every person at LEWIS. As we evolve, grow and expand, we want people that recognise the need to think differently. To understand the full marketing communications mix, even if a specialist in a particular aspect. We want all our people, whether a paid media specialist or media strategist, graphic designer or analytics manager to have an appreciation of the wide and deep capabilities available to clients that work with LEWIS. We want our people to be agile to opportunities; bold in their approach; collaborate with colleagues across different services or offices to deliver amazing work; keep learning and challenging the norm; be spirited and committed to develop themselves, their colleagues and the agency. About this role Supporting our Burlington and Boston offices, the Operations Assistant is responsible for managing the general operations and facilities, ensuring that the office is fully operational during working hours. The Operations Assistant is involved in the organization of LEWIS events and the booking of travel and accommodation (both domestic and international) for colleagues and guests. Providing support to the HR, IT and account servicing teams on ad-hoc projects and initiatives is also core to this role. Key responsibilities Manages the general office to include “meeting and greeting” clients and guests, answering the phone, routing phone calls and responding to emails Manages the general operations and facilities of the office, including stock supplies of stationery and consumables, repairs, machines etc. Maintains general office appearance, including conference rooms, kitchen, common areas, etc. Maintains inventory and organization of office and kitchen supplies, including managing related budgets Receives and distributes mail and deliveries; assists with outgoing mail and packages Manages office vendor relationships, serving as primary point of contact for scheduling and invoicing Coordinates internal and external events and meetings, including catering, conference room booking and setup, information packs, agendas, etc. Manages external contracts including cleaners, franking machine, stationery, taxis, couriers and groceries, ensuring we are getting the best service for the best price Organises the logistics of any assigned office initiatives and events Regularly coordinates employee events and celebrations and introduces ideas and intiatives to promote employee morale and culture Prepares, diarises and manages induction schedules for new starters Prepares, diarises and manages introduction/familiarisation schedules for office visitors Schedules/diarises training sessions and schedules, organising the logistics for these and encouraging attendance; issues and collates the feedback forms for the sessions Manages the office absence calendar Prepares and processes travel and corporate expenses as required Provides assistance with copying, faxing, and distribution of materials Assists with travel coordination and booking Supports account servicing, HR and IT teams with general administrative/coordination tasks. About you Strong coordination and communication skills gained in customer-facing role (e.g. HR, recruitment, PA, receptionist, operations support). Ability to get on well with people; able to adapt to the needs of each individual you encounter Calm under pressure and able to manage and meet competing deadlines Experience dealing with highly confidential information with discretion Experienced in managing a varied and changing workload Confident and collaborative; self starter with initiative; able to work at speed Creative thinking, “outside the box”, to providing solutions and solving problems Proven experience of multi-tasking numerous administrative projects through to completion Excellent presentation, written and verbal communication skills Strong Excel, Word and Power-point skills as well as a keen interest in social media Well organized; able to prioritise; attention to detail; a pragmatic approach Well presented, confident, energetic, good-humoured, pragmatic - a credible team player Remuneration and benefits Basic salary dependent on experience 20 days’ vacation per year Health insurance; life insurance 401k with 2% employer match (eligible after 30 days of employment)
Help Desk Representative: Job Code 403058 IT Support Assistant II Duties & Responsibilities Primary responsibility is to provide technical assistance to all instructors and students. The focus of this position is to assist users with basic computer operations, hardware, software and management of academic data locally or remotely. Report the daily performance of computers, printer maintenance, class schedule and special instructional computer set-up prior to class. Perform basic office duties by up keeping the appearance of the front desk, greet users as they enter the facility (control access), provide direction to classrooms and advise computer availability while classes are in session. Independently authorize or determine whether a user can or cannot use the facility base on the user private document, identity verification and affiliation to the University. Duties and Responsibilities: Assist with Ghost, Deep Freeze and Anti-Executionable to image lab and staff computers. Software update, security update and software installation. Test program, troubleshoot, diagnose problems and implement actions. Proactively reviewing syllabus technical requirement and report findings to management. Maintain inventory and communicate with others on the location of all mobile computers. Troubleshoot computer hardware, software, network connectivity, etc. Provide technical support to all faculty, student and library staff in person or remotely. Monitor computer performance to ensure minimal downtime. Insure neatness and security of all machines to prevent theft. Monitor students within the lab to insure appropriate code of conduct and policies are enforced. Working with Papercut printing server administrators to monitor printing problems. Replace toners, papers, and monitor queue for malformed private documents by students. Assist students with FAS email registration and wireless registration of all devices. Open/Close computer facility in accordance with lab policy and Harvard Police department policy. Write detail report on lab performance at opening and closing. Assist with reviewing all support and training material to help student and staff. Class announcement in order for student to evacuate schedule classes. IT Documentation update, monitor and edit. Virtual lab maintenance update Laptop leasing to students. Software key server manager Basic Qualifications Two years experience with Mac and Windows computer platforms, along with all Office Suite applications. Education beyond high school may count towards experience. Additional Qualifications Must be able to work independently as well as part of a team. Superb customer service a must. Ability to communicate with students, faculty, and staff. Must be able to determine when to escalate challenges to upper management. Should be familiar with: Office Suite, Window, MAC, Eset Antivirus, Malwarebytes, TCP/IP Commands, Remote Desktop, Clonzilla, Symantec Ghost, Deep Freeze, AntiExecutable, Papercut printer management, OSTicketing system and wiki tools. Additional Information The Division of Continuing Education (DCE) comprises several entities including the Harvard Extension School, the Harvard Summer School, the Harvard Professional Development Programs and the Harvard Institute for Learning in Retirement. For more than a century, Harvard Extension School has made Harvard faculty and teaching accessible to a diverse community of local, national, and international students. Harvard Extension School enrolls approximately 13,000 students per year in approximately 65 liberal arts and professional fields. More than 650 open enrollment online and classroom courses are offered at affordable prices to our communities across the world. Harvard Summer School offers approximately 300 courses on the Harvard Campus to 6,000 secondary school, college and adult learners and more than 30 international study abroad programs for up to 600 students each summer. The Division also includes the Harvard Institute for Learning in Retirement with approximately 550 active members and Harvard Professional Development Programs offering about 60 two- day, noncredit courses annually. All formal written offers will be made by FAS Human Resources. Job Function Information Technology Sub-Unit \- Location USA - MA - Cambridge Department Division of Continuing Education Time Status Full-time Union 55 - Hvd Union Cler & Tech Workers Salary Grade 053 Pre-Employment Screening Identity Schedule 35 hours per week. Schedule is Sunday - Thursday 2pm - 10pm. Must be able to work nights and weekends. This position is eligible for a shift differential. EEO Statement We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Software Engineer, Deep Learning C++: Job Description Software Engineer, C++ Somerville, MA, USA Avigilon, a Motorola Solutions company, is defining the future of the security industry through innovative end-to-end-solutions. We are changing the landscape of the surveillance industry through advanced award-winning AI based surveillance systems. Artificial Intelligence is transforming the world and our team is advancing the field as it applies to the surveillance industry. We are proud to be industry leaders in video analytics with products like Appearance Search and Unusual Motion Detection along with our recently launched Avigilon Blue cloud service platform. You will have the opportunity to contribute to intelligent camera surveillance systems through cutting edge research and software engineering. Since 2004, Avigilon solutions have been installed in more than 120 countries at thousands of customer sites, including school campuses, transportation systems, healthcare centers, public venues, critical infrastructure, prisons, factories, casinos, airports, financial institutions, government facilities, and retailers. Position Overview: Avigilon is looking for versatile and talented Software Engineers (yes, plural) to work in a multidisciplinary team of brilliant software, computer vision and deep learning research engineers as we continue designing and developing wave-making products and solutions for the video security surveillance industry. The goal of our Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) team is to build the next generation of deep learning and AI solutions for video surveillance and business intelligence. With your technical expertise, you will have a broad array of problems to solve – including productizing machine learning and computer vision algorithms, managing and processing large amounts of video and image data, designing and building tools as we rapidly progress. If you possess loads of passion for creating cutting-edge technologies (shout out to machine learning, computer vision, deep learning, AI), have strong technical acumen, believe to work with integrity, and enjoy a wildly collaborative environment, you will be the perfect fit for Avigilon. Responsibilities include: Effectively collaborating, and communicating with software and AI research engineers in a multi-disciplinary environment Designing, implementing and documenting software solutions that address specific requirements Designing and implementing big data management and processing strategies, infrastructures and algorithms Making effective use of Object Oriented Software design patterns Designing and implementing highly scalable and available applications Qualifications: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years of software development experience Proficient in C++ development, CUDA multi-threading Experience with OpenCV Experience with machine learning and/or computer vision Experience developing and deploying applications under Linux and Windows Code development for GPU Preference will be given to candidates with the following skills and experience: Experience with handling and analyzing big data Experience with database design and management Experience with image and video processing Perks of Working at Avigilon: As a full-time employee of Avigilon, you are eligible to receive a comprehensive benefits package which includes a competitive salary with full benefits including extended health, dental, vision, paid vacation and holidays, 401K, eligible to participate in TechTalks, Hackathons, etc.
Systems Administrator, Deep Learning (IT Infrastructure): Job Description Systems Administrator, Deep Learning (IT Infrastructure) Somerville, MA, USA Avigilon, a Motorola Solutions company, is defining the future of the security industry through innovative end-to-end-solutions. We’re changing the landscape of the surveillance industry through advanced award-winning AI based surveillance systems. Artificial Intelligence is transforming the world and our team is advancing the field as it applies to the surveillance industry. We are proud to be industry leaders in video analytics with products like Appearance Search and Unusual Motion Detection along with our recently launched Avigilon Blue cloud service platform. You will have the opportunity to contribute to intelligent camera surveillance systems through cutting edge research and software engineering. Avigilon’s solutions have been installed in more than 120 countries at thousands of customer sites, including school campuses, transportation systems, healthcare centers, public venues, critical infrastructure, prisons, factories, casinos, airports, financial institutions, government facilities, and retailers. Scope of Role / Prime Accountabilities (includes but is not limited to): Security; Data networking and network security Escalation support Microsoft SQL database administration and Linux administration and support Virtualization administration and support (VMware, Nutanix) ITIL / infrastructure process, standards and documentation; Server management and documentation Active directory Database administration, Data back-up and storage / SAN; Data center Disaster recovery (including DRP planning and testing) Racking and un-racking hardware Maintain AI Server Farm: OS upgrades, Driver updates, replace defective hardware, upgrade hardware – GPU, SSD/NVMe Responsibilities: Ensure required high availability of all corporate IT infrastructure with a percentage of focus on Deep Learning frameworks Ensure existing infrastructure supports organizational business requirements Drive continuous improvement and best practice administration and support of key assigned corporate IT infrastructure areas Ensure formal SLA’s that meet business requirements are adhered to Ensure incident response and management protocols and process are effectively and consistently followed Act as tiered support for high-severity and business impacting infrastructure issues; Act as backup at times for other team members Ensure high quality on time completion of all infrastructure projects, support services and verbal commitments; provide effective oral and written project status updates and presentations Ensure disaster recovery plans and solutions are in place and kept up-to-date Lead by example and ensure required work performance Ensure effective ITIL infrastructure process and policies are adhered to Drive effective coordination Implement and maintain fail proof infrastructure security measures, systems, controls and policies to protect corporate assets, systems and intellectual property Some travel may be required. Skill and Qualifications: Degree or diploma in a related Infrastructure / IT area or discipline 5 – 7 years’ of experience as a successful Systems Administrator in high performing corporate infrastructure environments Deep knowledge of Linux (Ubuntu), Windows Server and Powershell Familiarity with Deep Learning framework and Cluster management tools. In-depth experience with broad scope of IT infrastructure domain areas and technologies; a highly effective hands-on practitioner with clear track record of successful delivery Proven ability to evaluate and implement scaled infrastructure solutions in a global organization ITIL and Security certified Ability to grow volumes when additional storage capacity is added. Experience in a manufacturing environment would be an asset Technical Skills: SAN, VMWare, Vsphere 6.x/Vcentre, Cisco UCS, F5 Load Balancer, Dell, Microsoft, EMC, Cisco, Citrix solutions, Linux Familiarity with Cloud solutions – Azure, G Suite, AWS Perks at Avigilon: As a full-time employee of Avigilon, you are eligible to receive a comprehensive benefits package which includes a competitive salary with full benefits including extended health, dental, vision, paid vacation and holidays, participation in corporate events, etc.
 Deep Learning/Computer Vision Engineer: Deep Learning/Computer Vision Engineer Boston, MA $160,000 - 180,000 + Benefits + Equity Harnham has been retained by a rapidly growing series A start up founded by alumni of Google and MIT, who are building deep learning and computer vision algorithms to recognize and detect hazards on large scale construction sites. They predict how, when and where accidents are likely to happen. This role is joining an established team, reporting into the Head of Machine Learning, building DL algorithms in Python, TensorFlow and Caffe. The Company: This company has recently received $10 million in funding and is partnered globally with international companies, as well as local construction companies. The company is using deep learning as well as computer vision to improve the safety of large scale construction sites. They have object detection to detect future hazards, including but not limited to leaks and safety measures such as the use of gloves, boots, etc. The Role: Building detection algorithms in Python, TensorFlow and Caffe to ensure the safety of construction workers Detecting hazards on construction sites, such as leaks or dangerous objects, and detection algorithms ensuring workers are wearing correct protective clothing Working with Director of ML Conducting research into new deep learning methods Having an opinion and being a vocal part of the team Your Skills & Experience: 2+ years in industry in deep learning with TensorFlow/Caffe/Torch Real world examples of applying, building and using deep learning models PhD/Master's Degree - Computer Science or related Passionate about research and deep learning The Benefits: A competitive base salary of $160,000 - $180,000, plus excellent benefits. You can expect to receive equity as part of the compensation package. How to Apply: Register your interest by sending your resume to Le Anne Ahern
Assistant Search Strategist: We are looking for an Assistant Search Strategist to join our Boston Mediahub team. Join us at Mediahub, winner of Adweek's 2018 US Media Agency of the Year and MediaPost's 2016 & 2017 Creative Agency of the Year! We're an award-winning, full-service agency with endless opportunities. Our ideal candidate will demonstrate critical and analytical thinking. You will enjoy an atmosphere that is conducive to learning and collaboration. You must thrive in a fast-paced environment and be detail-oriented. You will assist the search team in managing campaigns that are integrated into our clients' overall marketing plan, and gain a deep understanding of search engine marketing. Your key focus will be on the execution and optimization of our SEM programs, but you will have exposure to multiple departments including creative, social, digital and traditional media.
Global Account Executive: As a company, Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We empower our own people to achieve more and make a difference in the world. Join us and lead transformational impact with our top customers. The Strategic Global Account Executive at Microsoft serves as a critical interface to our most valued customers into the digital age. This role is vital to Microsoft’s competitive ambitions. Traditional sales engagement methods have evolved and customers are seeking consultative partnerships. This role will support a strategic, global organization in the Financial Services Enterprise Operating Unit. Armed with world class cloud solutions, your role is to unlock the potential of enterprise customers by demonstrating clear business value accelerating their Digital Transformation and success. High level customer satisfaction is a key measure, as are revenue/consumption targets. Responsibilities The most successful Strategic Account Executives are ultra-resourceful, master orchestrators of virtual teams, and exceptionally curious to listen and learn from their customers. These attributes allow them to advise confidently and elevate their customer’s business. This role offers incredible opportunity to accelerate your career by driving business impact that can change the future. Be a part of a transformative, learning culture that drives innovation. It has never been a better time join Microsoft and see up close the digital revolution. The Impact You’ll be Making Leadership Plan and present clear vision of customer success Collaborate closely with the field ATU/STU and management teams to build and own holistic customer plan detailing critical insights and new business opportunities. Critical that plan is made to evolve and continually vetted ensuring stated objectives. Strive for bold ambition and challenge convention. Build coalition and support of senior leadership teams in BG and PG. Support the field through Digital War Room submissions and successful naviagation of the process. Increase technical and industry acumen delivering innovative ideas to accelerate customer success in the cloud. Execution Laser focus on business outcomes and driving aggressive revenue growth that propel customer satisfaction built around Digital Transformation Consistent, repeatable achievement of revenue and consumption targets through disciplined pipeline, forecast management. Leverage and usage of key business insights to elevate customer conversation and action. World class customer service through alignment of customer objectives and plan to achieve. Deliver tangible solutions to customers solving for greater efficiencies, cost savings, and deep regard for Microsoft partnership. Qualifications Who We Are Looking For Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Strong growth mindset. Seeks to solve for difficult customer challenges. Proven ability to lead, build trust and be highly credible across levels of organizations. A strong sales and business background, with 5-10+ years of technology-related experience Knowledge within Industry and ability to make confident recommendations at C-level, business decision makers. A Bachelor’s degree with exposure to Information Technology (or equivalent) is required; Profile Capabilities & Behaviors Required Sales Achiever – Achieve results by understanding digital transformation drivers and customer priorities. Identify new opportunities and help customers accelerate their move to the digital age for their own benefit as well as their customers. Digital Transformation Driver – Anticipate market changes to drive industry-relevant solutions to customers, influencing BDMs and ITDMs, building trust with stakeholders and translating Microsoft solutions into business impact and outcomes that accelerate the customer’s digital transformation Sales Challenger – Continuously build industry and technical knowledge. Bring innovative industry solutions, benchmarks and references to C-level executives that drive greater efficiencies, optimization and increase customer satisfaction Deal Orchestrator – Orchestrate virtual selling team and all Microsoft resources maximizing revenue opportunity. Lead and drive entire sales cycle and leveraging repeatable offerings to accelerate and win deals At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and the lives of our employees. As our workforce evolves to reflect the growing diversity of our communities and the global marketplace, our efforts to understand, value, and incorporate differences become increasingly important. Come explore diversity at Microsoft! Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Senior Deep Learning Research Scientist: As a talented and enthusiastic member of our research team you will: Gain insight into industry needs and provide guidance to the research community with publications, presentations, as well as deep technical engagement. Contribute to the research community by organizing special sessions, panels, industry talks, grand challenges, and special issues. Accelerate research by creating and promoting case studies, benchmarks, interfaces, and prototype solutions. Work directly with development engineers to implement relevant product capabilities. Help articulate key needs for research customers and provide subject matter expertise to guide the direction of and contribute to our long-term technology roadmap. Champion collaborative projects between thought leaders and MathWorks development engineers. Identify advanced technology needs and conceive innovative solutions to strengthen our intellectual property portfolio.
HR Rotation Associate: Additional Locations: Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the role: Boston Scientific’s Human Resource Rotational Development Program (HRDP) is a two year Human Resource program consisting of four six month rotations within the HR function to develop HR expertise and enhance business acumen. Based on business need, potential rotations include HR Operations, Compensation, Benefits, Talent Management, Business Partnership or Project Management support the SVP, Human Resources. Each rotation is planned to provide learning and exposure to strategic HR projects that add value to the organization. Your responsibilities include: Throughout the program you’ll work with dedicated Human Resources professional who can help guide you and offer new perspectives. You will work on projects that provide value to Human Resource and the business, collaborate with cross functional teams, and complete individual stretch assignments to provide exposure and build your expertise in different functions within Human Resources. Strong communication skills are important to present your work and contribute through team projects. What we’re looking for: Entry level Human Resources professional OR rising senior with an undergraduate major or concentration in Human Resources or related major from an accredited college or university (minimum 3.0 GPA) for the Marlborough location. After training, ability to work independently with minimal direction Demonstrated strong ability of analysis, problem solving, initiative and communication Utilize independent judgment and decision making Desire for building a career within Human Resources The Boston Scientific Human Resources Development Program is based in the Marlborough location. About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran Requisition ID: 430395 Nearest Major Market: Boston Job Segment: Medical, Medical Technology, Project Manager, HR, Healthcare, Technology, Entry Level, Human Resources
 Research Staff Member, AI Learning: Job Description Job Description We are looking for talented research scientists who are as passionate as we are about artificial intelligence, advancing science, and inventing the next generation of intelligent machines. We are hiring researchers in a broad range of machine learning areas, including: Deep learning, including novel architectures with attention and memory Supervised learning, semi-supervised and unsupervised learning, including generative models Reinforcement learning Meta-learning, learning to learn Multi-task learning, transfer learning, few-shot learning, continual/lifelong learning Interpretability, fairness, accountability of machine learning models Brain-inspired machine learning algorithms Optimization for AI/ML Bayesian learning, graphical models, causal models Learning theory Computational creativity As an IBM researcher, you will work on the most cutting-edge, exciting projects and collaborate with top researchers both inside IBM and at our partner universities. Your creativity and innovative problem solving will be essential to the success of our team and the company. We want to bring out the best in you and expect you will do the same for us! 081583 adaytorefer IWD18HJNA IWD18 &A; Required Technical and Professional Expertise Expertise and experience in programming in one or more of these languages: Python, Java, C++, Matlab, R etc. Advanced skill level in solving analytical problems using rigorous and quantitative approaches. Advanced skill level in creating and applying new algorithms in AI disciplines such as machine learning, NLP, knowledge induction, and machine reasoning Experience in clearly and effectively communicating your research ideas in peer-reviewed technical conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, IJCAI, AAAI, AISTATS, ACL, CVPR, KDD or similar Preferred Tech and Prof Experience PhD in machine learning, artificial intelligence, computer science, applied mathematics, signal processing, statistics, physics or related technical fields Advanced skill level with standard machine learning techniques and frameworks Experience analyzing large scale data from a variety of sources Design, validation, and characterization of algorithms and/or systems Experience with machine learning tools and frameworks including TensorFlow, PyTorch, Torch, Caffe, and Theano etc. a plus Contributions to open source projects EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
Services Advisor - Prudential Center (Full-time): Our Services Advisors are experts in showcasing and interacting with Microsoft devices and software, providing world class service at our Answer Desk in-store. Through these customer engagements, Services Advisors help both consumer and business customers to see what is possible with technology, ultimately empowering them to achieve more through one to one support, personal training sessions, and small group workshops. This Job is eligible for the following work arrangements: Full-Time – 40 hours per week C ome as you are! Do what you love! Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Responsibilities Customer Obsession Empathetically assess customer support needs through listening, diagnosing, and repairing their devices, helping customers discover, use, and love Microsoft hardware, software, and services\ Deliver collaborative and enrichening one-on-one training sessions to both consumer and business customers, helping them acquire the skills needed to enhance their knowledge around our products and services Technological Capability Identify and communicate potentially complex repair situations to store leadership as appropriate, maximizing time efficiency in resolution with a high-level attention to detail Continuously maintain technical knowledge by learning through others, along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Drive for Results Proactively assess customer’s needs and recommend complete solutions that enhances their overall customer experience Takes responsibility in delivering on commitments and seeks positive results that benefit customers, both externally and internally Collaboration Feel empowered to engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in our customers lives Combines resources and joins efforts with teammates to achieve store and company goals Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Qualifications Required Qualifications 1 year as a computer technician or helpdesk support or 1 year in a computer or technology education program Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Strong verbal & written communication skills and a high-level attention to detail Thrive in a fast-paced team oriented, dynamic, public-facing environment driven to achieve results Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative service environment Previous technology/product/software teaching or training experience Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 PR Intern: About LEWIS We are an entrepreneurial integrated communications agency that has gone from start-up to multi-national in twenty three years. We now rank among the top 40 agencies worldwide with 29 offices, 550 employees and revenue of $64m and rising. Our success is due to a combination of factors: talented people delivering award winning campaigns; expanding client relationships into new markets and services; making strategic acquisitions. Our people, agency and campaigns have not gone unnoticed. We have won many prestigious awards in the last 18 months including Cannes Lions, Holmes Report, ICCO, PRCA. Central to our growth has been our policy of reinvestment, with the majority of profits returning to the company to propel development. We can do this because we are independent and 100% employee-owned. As we enter the next phase of growth, our challenge is not to lose any of our character and values. We will communicate a clear and visible brand in the marketplace. We will continue to promote our entrepreneurialism, agility, creativity, crediblity and professionalism. We will ensure that we inspire and help our clients to shape tomorrow. It’s an exciting future, and we believe we are at the start of something truly remarkable in our industry. What we look for in our people Agile, bold, collaborative, inquisitive and spirited. These are our values and what we look for in every person at LEWIS. As we evolve, grow and expand, we want people that recognise the need to think differently. To understand the full marketing communications mix, even if a specialist in a particular aspect. We want all our people, whether a paid media specialist or social media strategist, graphic designer or analytics manager to have an appreciation of the wide and deep capabilities available to clients that work with LEWIS. We want our people to be agile to opportunities; bold in their approach; collaborate with colleagues across different services or offices to deliver amazing work; keep learning and challenging the norm; be spirited and committed to develop themselves, their colleagues and the agency. Purpose of role As an intern in LEWIS's Burlington office, you'll be given a hands-on role in the operations of a leading PR firm. This experience will be crucial if you are considering a career in PR or marketing communications. Your role will be to provide administrative support to the PR executives in their daily duties with tasks including collaborating on research projects, report generation and maintenance as well as general office tasks. In short, you'll be run off your feet, so only apply if you like being busy. Lots of energy and a great attitude are a must. Fluency in English is essential. You should be interested in the media and technology. About you Recent college graduate with relative degree or working towards undergraduate degree in a related field with an above average GPA Previous PR internship a plus but not required Ability to prioritize work assignments Knowledge of technology and passionate about media High energy and ambitious Self-motivated with proactive attitude Strong work ethic Outstanding written and verbal communication skills Team-oriented with strong sense of humor Can commit to at least 6 months
Senior Learning Designer: Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always re-examining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. The Senior Learning Designer will be part of an elite team dedicated to innovating on research-based approaches to content design in order to optimize learning within Pearson’s next generation of evidence-based, global technology products. The Senior Learning Designer will collaborate with product managers, portfolio managers, product model managers, user-experience designers, and researchers on a portfolio of technology products that includes platforms, underlying systems, learning applications, courseware, content collections, mobile solutions, and adaptive learning environments. Learning Design Core Values: We use evidence to drive designs that make more impactful and enjoyable learning experiences. \+ We are fiercely learner-centric. \+ We insist on evidence. \+ We build using Learning Design Principles, not fads. \+ We change how people learn. The Senior Learning Designer will be responsible for six key functions: \+ Create evidence-based design recommendations for the design of content within digital next gen learning experiences, incorporating education research, teaching and learning models, and discipline context in collaboration with others in a range of job functions such as education design researchers, learning scientists, UX designers, editorial managers, product managers, and content developers (45%) \+ Participate in product ideation, innovation, and iteration (20%) \+ Build learning design capacity within the organization through training and initiatives involving educative design. (15%) \+ Participate in the learner validation, and subsequent iteration, of concepts to support the optimization of product components and learning capabilities through content design within titles (10%) \+ Contribute to other design, development, research, and evaluation tasks, as needed (10%) The Senior Learning Designer must be an independent and technically-adept problem-solver, who can juggle multiple high-volume responsibilities with great autonomy and initiative in a remote environment, while always demonstrating exceptional communication skills and a solution-oriented attitude amidst a dynamic climate of rapid change. This position requires strong project management expertise, exceptional virtual office skills, and outstanding interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills. Pearson Learning & Experience Design utilizes a dynamic model of flexible capacity in which this position may be requested to lead or contribute to other development efforts depending upon product release schedules. Thus, preference will be given to candidates with complementary skills in diversified areas related to online learning, innovation, and assessment. Qualifications \+ Master’s degree or higher in Learning Science, Cognitive Psychology, Educational Technology, Educational Psychology, Human Factors, Instructional Design, Assessment, Learning Design, Curriculum Design, or related field required \+ Minimum of three years participating in the design of learning technology, software, or learning environments. \+ Significant experience gathering and applying peer-reviewed scholarly research and user research \+ Previous instructional design and user-centered design testing experience preferred \+ Previous online and/or classroom teaching experience preferred but not sufficient \+ Skills/knowledge/abilities: \+ Deep and demonstrated knowledge of learning design principles from cognitive psychology and allied fields \+ Demonstrated experience synthesizing and applying research from the learning sciences to product design in clear, tangible, documented ways \+ Demonstrated understanding of evidence-based, learner-centered design processes, techniques, and tools \+ Demonstrated experience participating in the design of learner interfaces and learner experiences \+ Demonstrated experience designing assessment within digital learning experiences \+ Demonstrated experience creating design concepts and lightweight prototypes \+ Demonstrated experience collaborating effectively in highly matrixed, dispersed, cross-functional teams \+ Demonstrated experience contributing to complex technology systems with numerous stakeholders and requirements \+ Demonstrated experience applying design thinking to learning experience designs. LI-2KM Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-CO-Centennial Other Locations US-NJ-Hoboken, US-CA-San Francisco, US-RE-Remote, US-MA- Boston Work Locations: US-CO-Centennial-2154 East Commons 2154 East Commons Avenue Centennial 80122 Job: Research and Development Organization: Global Product Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 7, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1811124 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
 Research Intern - Immunomics: Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. At Microsoft, we also work to empower our employees, so they can achieve more. We believe we should each find meaning in our work and we ensure employees have the freedom and the reach to help make a difference in the world. Microsoft Research provides a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers. Our researchers and engineers pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines, to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. Responsibilities Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Qualifications Required Qualifications Must be currently enrolled in a PhD program in Computer Science or a related STEM field. Must have at least 1 year of experience with deep learning Must have worked on at least 1 project involving biological data Preferred Qualifications Demonstrated ability to develop original research agendas. Must be able to collaborate effectively with other researchers and product development teams. Excellent interpersonal skills, cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. Microsot is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Specialist II, Learning & Design: Additional Locations: Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the role: This position is responsible for supporting the design and development of results-oriented training modules, programs, and meetings for the Urology and Pelvic Health sales force. Major job duties are the creation of training that integrates a variety of different media and methodologies, development and execution of sales training measurements of success, ROI, and methods for program improvements, and maintenance of existing training courses by researching, planning, and developing content and restructuring of the content as needed. Your responsibilities include: Designs and develops learning solutions. Collaborates with internal subject matter experts and/or cross-functional teams for content development. May also work to identify external programs, resources and vendors that specifically meet learning & development needs. Works with vendors to provide quality cost effective solutions. Facilitate and support Learning and Design processes and efforts required to meet Quality System and compliance and Legal requirements. Organizes and implements the delivery of learning solutions including any re-training actions necessary. Leads and/or supports the sustained forecasting and delivery of programs to meet business needs. Measures the effectiveness of learning programs. Designs, implements, and supports the development and use learning assessment methodologies and tools. Administer the design and development of assigned sales training projects. Work with Managers of Sales Training & Marketing on various strategic projects, new product launches and special product promotions. Assess and update sales training materials and teaching methods to continuously improve sales productivity. Develop training standards and measurement tools to measure performance following each training/meeting. Write criterion-referenced performance-based objectives. Recommend instructional strategies. Support the setup and coordination of sales training classes. Work with Managers of Sales Training to coordinate and streamline the training setup and execution of various classes & meetings. Maintain Sales Training materials ensuring the content is up-to-date. What we’re looking for: Basic Qualifications BA/BS in business discipline or equivalent experience required 2-4 years instructional design or technical writing experience Learning Methodology, ADDIE preferred Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to quickly grasp technical content Results-oriented team player Expert in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Articulate 360 and additional Learning Management Systems Excels in fast-paced environment Must be energetic, enthusiastic, determined and goal oriented Proficient at multitasking About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran Requisition ID: 424487 Nearest Major Market: Boston Job Segment: Medical, Medical Technology, Urology, Compliance, Learning, Healthcare, Legal, Human Resources
Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 General Warehouse Worker: What does a Best Buy General Warehouse Worker do? As a General Warehouse Worker, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center through use of equipment in areas such as Receiving, Stocking, Shipping, Non-Con, Order Processing and Replenishment. Your responsibilities will include operating equipment in a safe manner, while making sure that you are maintaining a safe and clean working area and ensuring that our product is in perfect condition to sell to our customers. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a General Warehouse Worker but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Unload and process receipt of merchandise from inbound trucks Stocks merchandise that has been received into specific designated locations Process all orders by locating specified product and moving product to the loading dock Packs smaller products into larger containers for shipment to stores Loads merchandise onto trucks for shipment to company locations Maintains a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris. Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed for operating equipment in the RDC Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional requirements of a General Warehouse Worker? Basic Qualifications: Able to individually lift and maneuver 40 lbs frequently and repetitively (up to a maximum of 75 lbs; with or without reasonable accommodation) Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or Equivalent What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 DC General Warehouse Worker: What does a Best Buy General Warehouse Worker do? As a General Warehouse Worker, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center through use of equipment in areas such as Receiving, Stocking, Shipping, Non-Con, Order Processing and Replenishment. Your responsibilities will include operating equipment in a safe manner, while making sure that you are maintaining a safe and clean working area and ensuring that our product is in perfect condition to sell to our customers. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a General Warehouse Worker but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Unload and process receipt of merchandise from inbound trucks Stocks merchandise that has been received into specific designated locations Process all orders by locating specified product and moving product to the loading dock Packs smaller products into larger containers for shipment to stores Loads merchandise onto trucks for shipment to company locations Maintains a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed for operating equipment in the RDC Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional requirements of a Best Buy General Warehouse Worker? Basic Qualifications: Able to individually lift and maneuver 40 lbs frequently and repetitively (up to a maximum of 75 lbs; with or without reasonable accommodation) Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or Equivalent What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Learning & Development Specialist II: Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the role: Talent Management exists to improve organizational and leadership effectiveness, and to build workforce capabilities to substantially improve business performance and the quality of patient care. This is accomplished by effectively developing relevant and timely leadership and organizational interventions, and by leading and managing the end-to-end life cycle of a learning process to deliver the right training, to the right people, at the right time, in the right way, personalized and seamlessly. Your responsibilities include: Consulting with business and functional leadership to understand business problems and identify opportunities to enhance performance through training or other solutions. Anticipating future development needs based on business requirements and changes and forecast delivery needs. Working with HR Business Partners and clients on change management activities in a rapid paced environment with expansive growth. Helping train new managers on diversity and inclusion, employee relations, and performance management. Completing Team Launch curriculum with new and re-forming teams. Working with HRBPs to complete team interventions and increase team performance. Coaching and providing feedback on 360 instruments, Insights and other assessments as defined. Leading, managing and facilitating Talent Management courses and programs and learning solutions. Identifying and qualifying instructors, both internal and external. Continually evaluating instructor effectiveness. Leading, managing and/or supporting new programs in the Central Region. Designing and developing learning solutions. Collaborating with internal subject matter experts and/or cross-functional teams for content development. May also work to identify external programs, resources and vendors that specifically meet learning & development needs. Working with vendors to provide quality cost effective solutions. May lead and/or support negotiations of resources, schedules, contracts and fees for both internal and externally developed programs. Measuring learning program effectiveness; may design, implement, or support the development and use learning assessment methodologies and tools. Providing feedback into the Talent Management life cycle management processes. May lead, manage or participate on cross-functional or global Talent Management teams to continuously improve Talent Management processes. May be responsible for the end-to-end lifecycle management of a learning solution, project, program or set of programs. What we're looking for: Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree, (Masters preferred) Minimum of 5-7 years of learning & development experience Performance consulting experience Experience with class and team facilitation and interventions Understanding of diversity and inclusiveness in the workplace and learning styles Enthusiastic learner Designs innovative and creative content and delivery methods Passion for facilitating change in individuals, teams and organizations Demonstrates caring and respect in interactions Very strong organizational skills; able to prioritize multiple matters calmly and effectively Ability to work independently and take initiative where appropriate Strong collaboration skills to work team members, internal clients, stakeholders and management Ability to maintain confidentiality Desire to drive results and outcomes and is accountable About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran Requisition ID: 433259 Nearest Major Market: Minneapolis Job Segment: Medical, Consulting, Medical Technology, Patient Care, Learning, Healthcare, Technology, Human Resources
RDC General Warehouse Worker Inbound: What does a Best Buy RDC General Warehouse Worker - Inbound do? As a General Warehouse Worker, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center through use of equipment in areas such as Receiving, Stocking, Shipping, Non-Con, Order Processing and Replenishment. Your responsibilities will include operating equipment in a safe manner, while making sure that you are maintaining a safe and clean working area and ensuring that our product is in perfect condition to sell to our customers. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a General Warehouse Worker but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Unload and process receipt of merchandise from inbound trucks Stocks merchandise that has been received into specific designated locations Process all orders by locating specified product and moving product to the loading dock Packs smaller products into larger containers for shipment to stores Loads merchandise onto trucks for shipment to company locations Maintains a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris Must be able to pass all applicable certification and driving requirements to become licensed for operating equipment in the RDC Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional requirements of a Best Buy RDC General Warehouse Worker - Inbound? Basic Qualifications: Able to individually lift and maneuver 40 lbs frequently and repetitively (up to a maximum of 75 lbs; with or without reasonable accommodation) Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or Equivalent What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Chief Equity & Inclusion Officer: The Chief Equity and Inclusion Officer (CEIO) is responsible for developing, implementing and advocating for a comprehensive health equity, inclusion and diversity strategy for Children's Minnesota. This role is in direct service of Children's vision to be every family's essential partner in raising healthier children. The CEIO will align critical elements of a clinical equity strategy and oversee execution of prioritized, sequenced projects/initiatives in collaboration with other senior and executive leaders across the organization. These critical elements include: addressing organizational/structural inequities, clinical/quality interventions, developing recruitment and retention strategies, as it relates to diversity and inclusion, that help create an open and inclusive workforce environment, fostering community engagement and building organizational awareness. This leader will provide direction and create accountability to the equity plan with executive leadership and organizational leaders. S/he will provide strategic and operational level guidance and consultation to relevant teams and leaders, including the medical leadership teams. In partnership with/reporting to the Chief Legal Officer and Chief Medical Officer, the CEIO will advise Children's executive team and Board of Directors on appropriate approaches and commensurate resources to advance equity and inclusion. Qualifications : Education: Bachelor's degree required. Experience: 10+ years of experience in relevant areas,including but not limited to organizational health equity, clinical practice serving diverse populations, racial and social justice, and/or advocacy on behalf of marginalized populations Progressive organizational leadership and influential experience with demonstrated ability to drive strategic change and outcomes in equity, diversity, inclusion and related areas Demonstrated ability to create and implement organizational strategies and budgets Demonstrated ability to build effective relationships and influence at all staff and leadership levels, both internally and externally, with sustained and accountable relationships Strong written and verbal communication skills, with prior experience in translating difficult concepts to various audiences, identify personal motivations for engagement and to help audiences advance their understanding of equity along a developmental trajectory Strong management skills, with particular attention to managing diverse teams with varying cultural norms and experiences Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: A fundamental understanding of the dynamic and complex healthcare environment, and the multiple stakeholders involved in advancing health equity within a large health care system A deep personal commitment to equity, racial justice and diversity and inclusion; demonstrated proficiency with justice concepts Ability to provide high level synthesis of data to guide relevant clinical interventions; ability to lead other analysts and team members in the accurate generation and interpretation of data elements Ability to foster ongoing learning and development for self and team Ability to work at a fast pace while managing multiple tasks Ability to initiate projects and see them through to completion Ability to handle sensitive and confidential information appropriately Ability to influence and impact an organization by being both catalyst and strategist Proven ability to problem solve, assessing organizational and individual readiness for solutions and modification of pacing to best shape outcomesAchieves Outcomes Makes sound decisions Draws accurate conclusions from financial and quantitative information Ensures that patient/family/employee/customer issues are resolved Prepares realistic estimates of resource requirements needed to accomplish goals Holds people accountable for achieving goals Creates/Inspires Shared Vision Promotes ideas and actions that align with Children's vision and mission with confidence and enthusiasm Fosters, in self and in staff, energy, ownership, meaning and personal commitment to the work Meets organizational and clinical teams at a place of mutual engagement, ability to inspire hesitant audiences to approach change Communicates clearly Communicates clearly and influences others Uses, and communicates, information and rationale for decisions which align employees with organization's strategic priorities Proactively shares timely updates and information with staff Appropriately involves others in decisions and plans that affect themDevelops Individuals/Teams Provides honest, helpful feedback to others on their performance Sets high standards of performance for self and others Celebrates, recognizes and rewards significant achievements of others
Executive Assistant: Overview Bain & Company Bain & Company is the management consulting firm that the world’s business leaders come to when they want results. Bain advises clients on strategy, operations, information technology, organization, private equity, digital transformation and strategy, and mergers and acquisition, developing practical insights that clients act on and transferring skills that make change stick. The firm aligns its incentives with clients by linking its fees to their results. Bain clients have outperformed the stock market 4 to 1. Founded in 1973, Bain has 55 offices in 36 countries, and its deep expertise and client roster cross every industry and economic sector. FRWD FRWD is a unique digital marketing agency designed to build client capability through a comprehensive approach to helping companies make the best digital marketing investments. To do so, FRWD extends client teams through co-location of top creative, media optimization, data science, and advertising technology teams to shorten test cycle time and leverage learnings to move forward. The agency also acquires and trains talent for clients to create sustainable campaigns and drive continual improvement without further FRWD presence. FRWD works with some of the world’s most recognized consumer brands, leading healthcare providers, entertainment companies and more. FRWD is based in Minneapolis. Job Description Based in Minneapolis, the Executive Assistant (EA) will provide comprehensive administrative and organizational support to the FRWD leadership team that includes but is not limited to calendar management, arranging travel schedules, and weekly time and expense reporting. The EA will also provide office support (e.g., planning events (onsite and offsite), scheduling leadership team meetings, scheduling trainings, and providing backup reception coverage). You will join a team that is supportive, accessible, and rich with training opportunities. Responsibilities _Administrative (75%)_ EVP support (40%) Maintain calendar; coordinate with internal and external contacts; schedule and reschedule meetings as needed on a daily basis Coordinate detailed travel arrangements with Bain Travel and outside agencies, to include air, hotel, car, and other reservations as required Manage all day-to-day scheduling activities, including internal and external meetings, for the EVP and Senior Experts Organize internal meetings to include conference room scheduling and ordering/setting up meals Organize external meetings to include working with other offices or offsite locations to arrange meeting space, supplies, accommodations, meals and offsite events Receive, screen and/or route all incoming telephone calls, mail, publications and correspondence Track and process expenses for submission to Finance Senior Expert support (35%) Coordinate detailed travel arrangements with Bain Travel and outside agencies, including air, hotel, car, and other reservations as required Track and process expenses for submission to Finance _Office Services (25%)_ Partner with FRWD’s Coordinator, Office Services to plan and execute office events, hoping to drive employee engagement through participation Schedule office-wide meetings (e.g., Town Halls, trainings, etc.), including conference room scheduling and ordering/setting up meals Provide backup coverage for reception area Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or at least six years of relevant experience required A minimum of 1-2 years of administrative assistant experience, prior executive assistance preferred Experience in a large company (100+ employees) with multiple locations preferred Outstanding written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently and as an integral member of various teams Maintain high-level confidentiality Demonstrate flexibility and comfort with day-to-day change Strong organizational and communication skills Meticulous attention to detail Ability to juggle multiple priorities and meet deadlines Strong alignment with Bain Operating Principles Ind123
 Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
RDC Merchandise Processor Repack: What does a Best Buy RDC Merchandise Processor Repack do? As a Merchandise Processor, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center by working areas such as E-Commerce, Repack, Customer Returns or Bundles. Your responsibilities will include making sure our assets are in perfect condition to sell to our customers while contributing to a safe and clean work environment. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a Merchandise Processor but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Pick merchandise from designated areas to fulfill customer and store orders Use of an RF Scanner to read barcodes and process merchandise by moving it to proper areas E-Commerce – fulfillment of customer orders by packing and shipping product to customers Bundles – create product bundles by picking and packing individual products into larger packages Maintain a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris. Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned What are the professional qualifications of a Best Buy RDC Merchandise Processor Repack? Basic Requirements: Repetitively carrying or lifting, pushing and/or pulling weight of up to 40 pounds Preferred Requirements: High School Diploma/GED What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Services Advisor - Mall of America: Our Services Advisors are experts in showcasing and interacting with Microsoft devices and software, providing world class service at our Answer Desk in-store. Through these customer engagements, Services Advisors help both consumer and business customers to see what is possible with technology, ultimately empowering them to achieve more through one to one support, personal training sessions, and small group workshops. Microsoft Store is the public face of Microsoft, where every individual, community and business can directly experience all that's possible with Microsoft, and we’re looking for the best and brightest talent to tell our story. Are you interested in a career where you can inspire customers and make an impact while building lifelong skills? If so, we’re the place for you! Help connect customers with their passions to achieve more, through our physical and digital retail properties. Microsoft Store includes jobs in physical retail locations, digital property teams and corporate locations. We provide: A work environment that is diverse, inclusive, and welcoming of all Training that will make you feel empowered to do your best work even if you aren’t a tech expert Career opportunities for all of our employees Fantastic, comprehensive and competitive benefits for full-time and part-time employees Gratitude & recognition for our awesome employees Belief that at Microsoft WeWinAsATeam Responsibilities Customer Obsession Empathetically assess customer support needs through listening, diagnosing, and repairing their devices, helping customers discover, use, and love Microsoft hardware, software, and services\ Deliver collaborative and enrichening one-on-one training sessions to both consumer and business customers, helping them acquire the skills needed to enhance their knowledge around our products and services Technological Capability Identify and communicate potentially complex repair situations to store leadership as appropriate, maximizing time efficiency in resolution with a high-level attention to detail Continuously maintain technical knowledge by learning through others, along with self-educating, showcasing product and service offerings, building on our WeWinAsATeam culture Drive for Results Proactively assess customer’s needs and recommend complete solutions that enhances their overall customer experience Takes responsibility in delivering on commitments and seeks positive results that benefit customers, both externally and internally Collaboration Feel empowered to engage with peers, store leaders, corporate and field team members in the development of innovative ways to make a larger impact in our customers lives Combines resources and joins efforts with teammates to achieve store and company goals Adaptability Effectively respond to changing in-store consumer and business environment, circumstances, and situations through customer engagements Ability to facilitate business engagement experiences through in store briefings, workshops, events, and demos Qualifications Required Qualifications 1 year as a computer technician or helpdesk support or 1 year in a computer or technology education program Valid authorization to work in the U.S. is required; no visa sponsorship is available for this position. Preferred Qualifications Strong verbal & written communication skills and a high-level attention to detail Thrive in a fast-paced team oriented, dynamic, public-facing environment driven to achieve results Experience in selling consumer electronics or technology solutions Deep understanding of Microsoft products including, but not limited to: Windows, Xbox, Windows Phone, Surface, and cross-platform services like Skype, OneDrive, OneNote, and Office and how each of those products competes in the marketplace. Experience in maintaining a client relationship management database (Microsoft Dynamics CRM preferred) Proven success in metrics-driven, consultative service environment Previous technology/product/software teaching or training experience Microsoft certifications OR experience/education in technology/IT Disclaimer: This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities, and qualification may vary based on assignment or group. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Sales Representative-Minneapolis MN Neuroscience Primary Care: As a Neurosciences Primary Care Sales Representative you are responsible for effectively handling a defined territory with a customer focused approach on the health care providers in that territory. Territory Management: Develop and implement territory business plans to deliver strong sales results and achieve sales targets Represent Lilly as a leader in the Neurosciences community and marketplace Operate with high integrity and follow all Lilly policies and procedures Customer Focus: Promote product portfolio to HCPs through value-based conversations and communicate safety, efficacy, and treatment expectations Partner with customers to understand practice workflow and patient needs within the practice Provide resources that enhance or exceed customer needs for disease-state information and product-specific support Assist and coordinate critical activities with physicians and office staff through the drug initiation process, device training, patient support programs, and follow-up where applicable Collaborate and partner with peers in the Neurosciences sales organization, brand team, and other support partners to deliver an extraordinary customer experience Connect with access specialists, and other commercial partners to ensure a positive patient experience with treatment Disease State and Neuroscience Market Knowledge: Develop deep disease-state, product, and competitor knowledge, as well as understanding local and regional market trends Share key findings with teammates to serve as a learning resource within the Geo-managed team Earn reputation as a subject-matter authority and a valued resource Company Overview Are you seeking a career that makes a difference in the world? Would you like a career where you can use your sales experience and skills? At Lilly, we serve an extraordinary purpose. We make a difference for people around the globe by discovering, developing and delivering medicines that help them live longer, healthier, more active lives. Not only do we deliver breakthrough medications, but you also can count on us to develop creative solutions to support communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. For over 25 years, Lilly has been committed to helping people suffering from migraine, investigating more than a dozen different compounds for the treatment of migraine and disabling headache disorders. These research programs have accelerated understanding of this disease and advanced the development of Lilly's comprehensive late-stage development programs studying the launch of a Migraine portfolio for prevention of migraine and cluster headache, and for the acute treatment of migraine. Our goal is to make life better for people with migraine by offering comprehensive solutions to prevent or stop this disabling disease. The combined clinical, academic and professional experience of our experts helps us to build our research portfolio, identify challenges for healthcare providers and pinpoint the needs of people living with migraine and cluster headache. Sound interesting to you? Read on to find out more about how you can join our sales team, where you will enjoy meaningful work, build a successful career and make important contributions to our patients’ lives. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree Professional certification or license required to perform this position if required by a specific state Valid driver’s license and acceptable driving record Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to be employed in the United States. Lilly does not anticipate providing sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B or TN status) for this employment position. Additional Information Approximately 10% travel; occasional overnight travel may be required Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status Additional Skills/Preferences Live inside territory or within 30 miles of territory boundaries Strong learning agility Patient centric mindset Consistent record of exceeding sales expectations Product launch experience Strong business analytical skills (business/ financial acumen) Excellent communication and organizational skills Solid analytical skills Ability to collaborate in a team environment Region North America Country USA City Minneapolis Workplace Arrangement Sales Job Expires 08-Dec-2018
 DDC Warehouse Clerical Aide: What does a Best Buy DDC Warehouse Clerical Aide do? To process records, enter data and prepare reports for the receiving, order processing, shipping and inventory control areas of the Delivery Distribution Center. The Warehouse Clerical Support role is typically assigned to specific areas within the Delivery Distribution Center, i.e. Receiving, Home Delivery and Installation Support, and Shipping. Therefore, the job may entail one or more of the following duties and responsibilities. The time spent on the duties varies based on the area in which the duties are performed. Essential Functions Enters, corrects and verifies data on the computer. Uses spreadsheet and WMS computer programs to enter bills of lading, transfer, manifest, receiving and inventory information. Verifies and corrects data as appropriate. Completes Delivery Distribution Center reports (i.e. control logs, shipping logs, quality audits, cube reports, seal logs, daily receiving data log, etc.) Receives information from warehouse workers, truck drivers and computer generated reports. Categorizes data and summarizes onto departmental forms. Distributes reports to appropriate personnel. Processes Delivery Distribution Center paperwork. Receives copies of freight claims from warehouse workers, verifies information against shipping documents, files copies and routes to relevant departments. Completes expediter assistance requests by researching problems with purchase orders, determining and indicating source of problem and routing completed request to warehouse workers. Processes orders by getting labels, recording information on batch control log and summarizing data. Verifies and processes stock transfers. Creates daily check-in receiving documents for receiving dock workers. Non-Essential Functions Establishes and maintains filing systems. Files bill of ladings, manifests, transfers and receiving data according to date and store location. Performs other duties as apparent or assigned. What are the professional qualifications of a Best Buy DDC Warehouse Clerical Aide? Basic Qualification: 6 months of clerk, administrative and/or receptionist experience Preferred Qualification: High School Diploma/GED Microsoft Office suite experience (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 DC Merchandise Processor eCommerce: What does a Best Buy DC Merchandise Processor eCommerce do? As a Merchandise Processor, you will facilitate moving product throughout the distribution center by working areas such as E-Commerce, Repack, Customer Returns or Bundles. Your responsibilities will include making sure our assets are in perfect condition to sell to our customers while contributing to a safe and clean work environment. The responsibilities listed below are encompassing of a Merchandise Processor but may vary by departmental assignment Essential Functions Pick merchandise from designated areas to fulfill customer and store orders Use of an RF Scanner to read barcodes and process merchandise by moving it to proper areas E-Commerce – fulfillment of customer orders by packing and shipping product to customers Bundles – create product bundles by picking and packing individual products into larger packages Maintain a clean work area by removing empty pallets, sweeping and cleaning up boxes and other debris. Non-essential Functions Perform other duties as apparent or assigned. What are the professional qualifications of a Best Buy DC Merchandise Processor eCommerce? Basic Requirements: Repetitively carrying or lifting, pushing and/or pulling weight of up to 40 pounds Preferred Requirements: High School Diploma/GED What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Sales Consultant - Comp: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Production Trainer IV - 1st Shift: Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work. About the Role: Seeking a highly motivated person who is excited to strategically train and help build a team to outperform the given quality and production goals on a daily basis. Support Operations to ensure training compliance. Your Responsibilities Include: Actively involved in supporting operations on the production floor. Demonstrates and serves as role model and a resource to trainers. Responsible for coaching/mentoring trainers. Provides guidance and direction on training policy and adherence. Influence the strategy of overall BSC training. Actively involved in corrective action follow-ups when applicable. (NCMR, Audits, etc.) Assist in best practice benchmarking for training. Facilitate classroom training. Assist in the development of training materials and content. Develop and deliver training tools for operations based on the business need. Application administrator for production learning management system Consult with production support staff to determine production process training requirements Lead projects to continuously improve the business. (VIP initiatives, etc.). Drive cross-functional business strategy. Shape and influence annual business planning for the Training department. What We’re Looking For: Basic Qualifications: High School diploma or equivalent One year of manufacturing experience Strong Computer Skills (Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook) Ability and willingness to adapt to continuous change Good communication skills Strong natural leader Ability to think and act proactively Self-Motivated Preferred Qualifications: One year of training experience preferred Knowledge of MES, SAP, Windchill, and TRS Experience with Learning management systems Documentation management systems eLearning software About us As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen. Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer Requisition ID: 429767 Nearest Major Market: Minneapolis Job Segment: Medical, Industrial, ERP, Medical Technology, SAP, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Technology
DC Loss Prevention Officer: What does a Best Buy DC Loss Prevention Officer do? The Distribution Center (DC) Asset Protection Officer ensures the safety of DC employees as well as the integrity of inventory by monitoring activities through personal observation and closed circuit television system. The Loss Prevention Officer may be exposed to inclement weather while operating handheld metal detectors, hand held radios, and must be willing to work at both the front desk and guard house. Excellent interpersonal and observational skills are critical to success. Key Responsibilities Include: Monitors employees entering and exiting the warehouse area Enforces facility visitor procedures Ensures C-TPAT procedures are followed Complete Regular loss prevention reports Answering incoming telephone calls, both at the front desk and the guard house What are the professional qualifications of a Best Buy DC Loss Prevention Officer? Basic Qualifications: Must be at least 18 years of age High School Diploma or equivalent Preferred Qualifications: Preferred EIGHT (8) hour New York State Security Guard Certification 6 months work experience with basic security procedures 6 months customer service and/or general office experience What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Teacher Innovation Lead - East: Do you want to help to shape the future of education? Do you want to be part of the team that’s building the applications and services that will revolutionize the learning experience? If yes, then we have just the right opportunity for you! We have a series of new initiatives under our Education team which is chartered with creating unique sets of experiences for students, teachers, administrators and parents. Our goal is to empower every student and teacher in the world to achieve more and help students share their voice. In Education, institutions around the world are defining 1:1 learning initiatives to increase student and educator access to technology and truly enhance the learning opportunities in and outside the classroom. Transforming an education agenda for the 21st Century is about much more than providing a child with a low-cost computing device. Central to the success of these projects is an end to end and holistic approach that combines not just devices, but also systems architecture, applications, content, professional development and training, services and clear definition of outcomes that can be measured and supported by all the stakeholders. Microsoft’s mission is to help students and educators throughout the world realize their full potential by providing real impact for better learning outcomes through Microsoft technology, programs and thought leadership. Responsibilities In what is one of the most exciting areas for both our customers and Microsoft as a company, Microsoft Product Team is looking for experienced, talented leader in the role of Teacher Innovation Lead, responsible for the Educator audience, reporting to the head of User Engagement for Flipgrid. The Teacher Innovation Lead will be responsible for actively engaging the educator community via social media, emails, the Student Voice Ambassador Community, Flipgrid Educators Facebook community, and in-person. The role will need to proactively communicate with the engagement team for Flipgrid/Microsoft Education Product Team and listen to, ideate on, and improve upon current initiatives. Some of these initiatives include: event engagement (attending and hosting), professional development events, blog posts, customer visits, amplifying community educators, and conducting webinars. Qualifications Qualifications are: Bachelor’s Degree in Education or related discipline required. 3+ years of in-classroom education experience 3+ years of engagement experience with an emphasis on teacher and student classroom communication A strong working knowledge of different social media outlets 1+ year of experience working on educational programs involving technology in the classroom, with measurable success metrics and broad communication requirements Bonus Credit for: Deep understanding of core educational issues and trends, both in the United States and internationally Ability to think strategically to bring about successful bold bets for the Educator audience and remain competitive in market Ability to build strong partnerships across organizational lines Understanding of the Education industry and drivers of educator audience within this community Strong presentation, written, and verbal communication skills and working across various geographical and cultural environments as they would serve as spokespeople Demonstrated strategic time management and multi-tasking skills Is a resourceful problem-solver, leveraging internal and partner resources where and when needed to do what’s right for the customer and for the organization Working effectively within a virtual team, taking strategic direction and considering inputs from team members Passion for education, the customer and driving disruptive change Flipgrid Ambassador, Google Certified Educator, or Microsoft Innovative Educator Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Sales Consultant - HT, Gaming, Ent: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Inventory Control Specialist: What does a Magnolia Inventory Control Specialist do? The Inventory Control Specialist is responsible for aiding Magnolia Design Center team in all facets of inventory maintenance. This role will receive shipments and play an integral role in preparing and processing physical inventory and routine cycle counts. The Inventory Control Specialist will stage customer products for the Magnolia installation team and will assist with replenishment of installation team part, in addition to aiding in product send backs and the service of repair items. This position will assist with merchandising reports and overall warehouse cleanliness and organization. As the Inventory Control Specialist you will: Ensuring that all arriving stock receipts are efficiently and carefully executed Participate in an ongoing basis in routine inventory cycle counts. Assist in the organization of customer repairs as directed by Magnolia store management. Help prepare for and take part in, all physical inventories as scheduled by the company. Assist with inventory maintenance reports Staging product for installation team along with routine replenishment of installation parts Ensure Magnolia warehouse space is organized and clean (via area of responsibility form) What are the Professional Requirements of an Inventory Control Specialist? Basic Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent 1 year of inventory, warehouse or stockroom experience Preferred Qualifications: Associate degree or Bachelor degree or above in Technical or related field What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Trainer - Meetings and Events: Trainer - Meetings and Events \- (180002VC) The Trainer, Meetings and Events provides training to first line supervisors and front line employees to improve individual and team performance. They are essential to the cration of curriculum and delivery methods which are relevant and aligned to support diverse learning styles. This includes but is not limited to providing input to management to aid in the assessment of training needs and curriculum development. They partner and engage closely with the regional Training Manager, Sr. Director NORAM Operations and client specific program management to outline and execute a training strategy and roadmap for the region. 1) Responsible for new-hire and ongoing training and certification of front- line employees and supervisors in conjunction with scheduling allowances; supports consistency in all front-line employees' performance through uniform training delivery. 2) Participates in required train-the-trainer classes as necessary 3) Provides feedback to curriculum developers through participation in pilot and beta testing; gathers input from employees and customer feedback systems to make recommendations for curriculum revisions and creation. 4) Identifies training needs and makes recommendations to the Training Manager and client specific program management teams. 5) Continually monitors training consumption against competency requirements of individuals. 6) Assists with the creation and updates of all manner of curriculum related to client or project specifics including web-based learning materials. 7) Performs all duties and responsibilities in a timely and effective manner in accordance with established company policies to achieve the overall objectives of this position. 8) Maintains a favorable working relationship with all other company employees to foster and promote a cooperative and harmonious working climate, which will be conducive to maximum employee morale, productivity, and efficiency/effectiveness. 9) Projects a favorable image of the company to promote its aims and objectives and foster and enhance public recognition and acceptance of all of its areas of endeavor. 10) Keeps immediate superior promptly and fully informed of all problems or unusual matters of significance and takes prompt corrective action where necessary or suggests alternative courses of action which may be taken. Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent meetings & events/group transport training experience. Minimum 3-5 years of training experience. Experience in Meetings & Events industry highly preferred. Associate professional in talent development (APTD) or Certified Professional in Learning and Performance (CPLP) preferred. Strong computer knowledge, specifically in Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, Webex, and other curriculum development, learning management, and training delivery platforms. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills both internally and client facing. Deep knowledge of the meetings and events and group transport business. Ability to present processes and concepts clearly and effectively to drive improved staff performance. Strong collaboration skills with peer project managers to identify, understand and assess best curriculum and courses to be designed and delivered Ability to work under pressure, establish priorities and deliver to fixed dates. Ability to liaise with other operational leaders to obtain support and knowledge. Ability to visually design curriculum and training courses and deliver directly or provide successfully to other trainers. Primary Location : US-MN-Minnetonka Work from home : Yes Employment type : Standard Job Family : Meetings & Events Scope : Regional Travel : Yes, 15 % of the Time Shift : Day Job Organization : Customer_Meetings & Events Experience Level : 3 to 5 years Job Posting : Jun 14, 2018 As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class
 Project Team Specialist - Overnight Based in SE Minneapolis: What does a Best Buy Project Team Specialist (Overnight) do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. They use their merchandising and technical skills to complete the tasks associated with Remodels, New Store Openings, Special Projects, and other company initiatives as assigned. This position will involve travel away from home and overnight shifts up to 75% of the year. Job responsibilities include: Complete merchandising tasks, which includes planogram assignments, clean presentations, implementing fixtures, signage and product security devices Set new and relocated planograms and graphics to merchandising standards, completes planogram checklist and proper filing procedures Build new product displays and implement new technology displays Maintain upkeep of store displays and assist store team with fixture and technology functionality Assist Project Team Lead with the training of new Project Team members through job shadowing and sharing of best practices What are the professional requirements of a Project Team Specialist (Overnight)? Basic Qualifications: Must be at least 18 years of age Must be able to travel Must be able to lift and move up to 50lbs Must be willing and able to work overnight shifts Preferred Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent 3 months retail sales or merchandising experience What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
SONY EXPERIENCE EXPERT: What does a Best Buy Experience Expert do? The Experience Expert ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Experience Expert you will: Engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. Engages customers using selling skills, to complete sales, drive profitable growth and achieve their individual goals with a focus on providing sales support in all related digital products. Uses innovative customer engagement and creative sales techniques to increase sales of related Digital Imaging products. What are the Professional Requirements of a Experience Expert? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Accelerate your career with an iconic brand! Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including short term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Director, Territory Sales - Territory 2 (Midwest States): What does a Director, Territory Sales do? The Director, Territory Sales is accountable for the end to end financial results of sales within the assigned territory, with an average of 176 store locations. You will direct a team of (5+) Sr. Manager, Market Sales leaders and build a culture that is engaging, and encourages innovation, knowledge sharing, and profitable growth. As the Director, Territory Sales you will: Be accountable for the end to end execution of sales business results, not limited to sales, margin, complex sales, cost control, store profitability and EVA within the territory. Implement and drive the execution of sales strategies, plans, and objectives within the assigned territory. Be responsible for maximizing return on investment, profit & loss, daily operations, and people development of the Sr. Manager, Market Sales (5+). Communicate regularly with Territory leaders (TGMs) and other Territory, Market, and District Managers regarding business priorities and plans. Teach, coach, and drive shared responsibility for corporate led initiatives. Lead and develop team members with coaching, training, career counseling and direct performance development through use of business performance and personal development goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Director, Territory Sales? Basic Qualifications: High School Diploma or equivalent 5 years management experience including Supervision of direct/indirect reports 3 years multi-unit management experience with responsibility for financial results (including sales, margin, profitability) Preferred Qualifications: Associate degree or above in Business, Management or related field Previous experience establishing and executing sales strategy for a multi-unit business Previous experience implementing corporate initiatives What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Inventory Specialist: What does a Best Buy Inventory Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to receive and ship merchandise to/from store and to stock merchandise in the warehouse or on the sales floor. 80% of your time you will: Receive and ship store merchandise: Removes merchandise from truck and compare against packing list. Applies security tag to product and moves it to sales floor or warehouse storage. Packages merchandise for shipment and completes bill of lading for transfers Packages merchandise for shipment to return to Distribution Centers. Operates equipment according to company safety standards to assist in moving merchandise. Stocks merchandise on the sales floor. Assists in the receiving of drop shipments Prepares merchandise for home delivery. Accurately documents movement of merchandise. Completes paperwork for store receiving, transfers, home delivery, DEVO, Junk Out. 10% of your time you will: Provide and maintain store appearance: Ensures clean parking lot, sidewalks, store entry, aisles, restrooms, warehouse area. Properly disposes of debris, boxes. 10% of your time you will: Provides carryout service for customers: Safely loads merchandise in customer’s vehicle. Verifies receipt against merchandise. What are the professional requirements of an Inventory Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Learning Consultant: The Consultant, Learning Strategy is responsible for collaborating with business leaders, subject-matter experts, instructional designers, and technology teams to ensure successful execution of enterprise-wide training strategy. This involves translating complex learning needs into a set of effective learning solutions to be implemented across the Discover organization. The Learning Consultant will clearly define the learning solution strategy, including learning goals, set the development project up for success by ensuring the design team and/or vendors have the right information and resources, and ensure effectiveness of the solution through measurement strategies. The individual in this role will leverage learning expertise and their ability to navigate business partner relationships to successfully deploy learning strategies that will effectively meet business needs while resulting in a high quality learner experience. The individual in this role also leads cross- functional team problem-solving efforts to ensure our ability to meet regulatory requirements as well as learner needs. Responsibilities: Consult with stakeholders comprised of business unit leadership and stakeholders, HR, and Training and Development colleagues to gain a deep understanding of learning needs. Reframe the needs to optimize the learning experience and align with broader learning strategy. Conduct thorough needs analyses to assess the current state, identify the key performance and skills/knowledge gaps, and devise optimal learning solutions. Recommend the appropriate development solutions to drive key organizational results and identify contextual constraints that must be satisfied for a program to succeed. Develop a business case and translate needs into well-documented requirements. Oversee the development or acquisition of relevant learning content and ensure its quality. This will require reviewing and evaluating off-the shelf training solutions in the marketplace or internal/external design efforts. Partner with the LMS team, training operations, and other project teams to ensure successful implementation execution of training initiatives. Devise and follow processes to optimize hand-offs; strive to continually improve processes. Oversee the analysis and reporting of effectiveness and quality measures across functional learning programs. Analyze all relevant data and take the appropriate actions to improve overall quality and effectiveness of our programs. Identify connections to broader business impacts. Partner with analytics team members to… Promote a risk-aware culture, ensure efficient and effective risk and compliance management practices by adhering to require standards and processes. Skills: Skills Required: Bachelor’s degree required; Master’s degree in education, business, related field preferred 6+ years’ experience in a learning function, ideally with a learning design or program management background; 8+ years preferred Excellent communication, critical thinking and problem-solving skills functioning as a strong consultant to stakeholders Proven expertise in (and passion for) learning design and needs assessment Proven ability to manage stakeholders relationships Strong process and project management skills High level of comfort with ambiguity LI-NB1 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
 Head Of Training: What is the Position? As Head of Training you will own the design and execution of both our Concierge onboarding training and ongoing training. You’ll ensure training covers 1) day-to-day content 2) workflow and tooling processes 3) soft skills and anything else needed for our teams to perform at the highest levels on a day to day basis. You are setting the standard for the culture of the department. You’ll develop materials and modules in a way that makes the most sense for new hires to digest, and create a program for ongoing trainings once folks are in their roles. You’ll work with our other Concierge support functions to identify gaps in knowledge areas and ensure refreshers are easily accessible to teams. You’ll coach your team to train in an effective and engaging manner that sticks. Expect a fast paced training environment -- we onboard 20+ Care Guides and Concierge support staff every 2 weeks. Our current staff is 240+ on the Concierge Ops frontlines. Must-have qualities include: Training & Development background. You’ve scaled training programs at large organizations before and have done training yourself. You know what works and how adults best respond to different formats. You have 6-10+ years of training and instructional design experience. Leadership skills. People naturally navigate towards you. You own a room and are able to direct people with confidence. Organizational and prioritization skills. You know what to prioritize and when. You hold people accountable, and your team never drops the ball. People management. You’ll be managing a team of trainers - you’ll need to coach, act as a role model, and keep your team on track. You have 4+ years of management experience. Strong at synthesizing information. You can distill complex problems and put them into digestible formats for training. Collaborative. You love working with different kinds of people and are a relationship builder at heart. You work well with other teams and are able to get their buy in for content generation and upkeep. A good communicator. You’ll be leading the training team and need to teach others how to communicate to large audiences Independence and scrappy attitude. You’re a problem solver with a ‘get sht done’ mentality. You work with urgency. In your first 30 days you will… Become an expert in all things Concierge - you’ll be a sponge for content, tools and workflows. You should shadow and immerse yourself in all things we do. Deep dive into our current trainings and identify where gaps exist in terms of 1) content 2) delivery. Interview stakeholders within Concierge to understand what works for frontlines, and what areas we can do better in. Create a framework for ongoing training and onboarding training. In your first 60-90 days you will… Revamp the way onboarding training is delivered in the classroom, via video, learning groups -- be creative! Deliver training to new classes and manage the way your trainers deliver trainings. Roll out ongoing training calendar for reps. Get feedback on your programs and iterate. At Oscar, being an Equal Opportunity Employer means more than upholding discrimination-free hiring practices. It means that we work to cultivate an environment where exceptional people can be their most authentic selves and find both belonging and support. We're on a mission to change healthcare -- an experience made whole by your unique background and perspectives. Pay Transparency Policy: Oscar's Pay Transparency Policy ensures that you won't be discharged or discriminated against based on whether you've inquired about, discussed, or disclosed your pay. Read the full policy here ( https://assets.ctfassets.net/plyq12u1bv8a/1rF5ZOK4Cc2wcKQqYMu86W/6a7f199b884d9f38395878c624fe8587/Oscar_Health_Pay_Transparency_Policy.pdf ).
 Customer Service Specialist: What does a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist do? The Best Buy Customer Service Specialist provides fast, accurate and friendly processing for all customer transactions at Checkout, Customer Service and Store Pickup while providing velocity solutions to customers. Develops strong relationships with customers while becoming a trusted advisor and partner in assisting them in making technology more functional in their lives. Partners with other employees to ensure customers' end-to-end needs are met and that no customer is left unserved or underserved. Utilizes all relevant sales tools to drive profitable growth and exceed department and individual goals. Helps answer questions and resolve customer issues. Job responsibilities include: Flex as coverage between Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service as necessary Accountable for driving positive NPS results at Checkout, Store Pickup and Customer Service. Maintain professional communication with customers and peers while using cross-functional company resources and tools. Engage customers using soft skills while solving issues, providing end-to-end solutions with fast and accurate processing of transactions. Ensure Front of Store cleanliness and merchandising standard execution. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Customer Service Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Strong ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications High School Diploma or equivalent 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Inside Curriculum Specialist - K-12 Humanities: Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always reexamining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. Come check us out. What big idea will you help us launch? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkyK4aaYzpc Pearson is constantly looking to add to our AMAZING team of Specialists! We are actively searching for an expert K-12 Inside Curriculum Specialist with a deep knowledge in content area of Humanities . As a highly skilled Inside Curriculum Specialist, you will provide exceptional sales and introductory product orientation training for print, digital and blended learning programs, partnering with other specialists and share responsibilities for assigned regions. Your ability to drive educators, at all levels, to make sound decisions regarding learning outcome choices for students and teachers, will allow you to remain actively involved with K-12 education! You will be able to provide and communicate your expertise on national education standards, current education pedagogy and market trends. As a strong communicator, you will have the opportunity to develop and maintain ongoing relationships that involve all levels of state, regional, or district K-12 employees; superintendent, administrator, teacher, and para-professionals! If you are a self-starter with a passion for K-12 education, this is the time to be part of Pearson and keep the whole world learning. Because where learning flourishes, so do people! This exciting opportunity is at our Chandler, Arizona site location (No relocation assistance available) . Here is what you will get to do: \+ Work in partnership with Account General Managers throughout the region as a content specialist Support the sales process from prospecting to close for Pearson products, services and solutions respective to your portfolio in assigned markets \+ Partner directly with the Market Sales Teams and product management to advance Pearson products, services and solutions in your market \+ Responsible for contributing to the achievement of revenue targets as assigned \+ Deliver winning presentations for each sales cycle to include: exhibits/ conferences, pre-work/issue setting workshops, meetings/campaigns, pilots, sales presentations, and program activation \+ Develop relationships with key k-12 decision makers within the market segment \+ Maintain content level expertise through the Pearson certification process \+ Deliver program activation trainings for new and on-going customer accounts \+ Collaborate with internal Pearson teams including sales, services, and product management Qualifications Required Skills/Knowledge/Abilities: \+ BA/BS Degree; Master’s is preferred \+ 5 years of K-12 education experience to include classroom teaching experience Humanities \+ Expert knowledge of education theory and market trends in assigned content area (Humanities) \+ Proven success and experience with virtual delivery \+ Deep knowledge and passion for learning in K-12 education \+ Exceptional Self-starter \+ Extraordinary ability to network with district administrators and decision makers at all levels of state, regional and/or district K-12 employees \+ Demonstrated ability to deliver winning presentations in large and small groups \+ Strong proficiency with technology, including the ability to use various presentation software and hardware Additional Pluses: \+ Specialty training or advanced certification \+ Previous experience in selling and servicing to the education market \+ Active participation of knowing competitive landscape Pearson fuels the growing demand for effective education and high-quality information in the global knowledge economy, and share a common goal: to help people get on in their lives through education. For more information, visit www.pearson.com. Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-AZ-Chandler Other Locations US-AZ-Tucson, US-CA-Los Angeles, US-Arizona, US-CA-San Diego, US-AZ-Flagstaff, US-AZ-Phoenix, US-NV-Las Vegas Job: Sales Organization: North America Employee Status: Regular Employee Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 10, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1810924 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Remote Help Desk Tech: Overview We are looking for people to join a Remote Help Desk team that is not like other Remote Help Desk teams. Would you like to work in a dynamic fast-moving environment that values social interaction as well as technical prowess? We pride ourselves on hiring bright, driven, enthusiastic people that have experience in supporting in primarily PC environments but can also handle a Mac equally well. Our workplace is where you will sharpen existing skills and develop new ones around new technology as it emerges. It is a bright, vibrant, challenging environment that leave you feeling like you’ve helped make an impact. We need people who can hold a conversation as well as resolve complex technical issues effectively and efficiently through multiple mediums (chat, ticket, phone). We want people for whom going “over and above” is second nature, who value the people behind the problems, and for whom technology is their passion. We want to deliver the best IT Help Desk experience in the world and if you think you are up to the challenge... read on... Responsibilities Applies critical thinking to complex user requests and provides as much context and information as possible to deliver the best solutions as quickly as possible. Troubleshoots client-side network connectivity issues, including digital authentication, remote access, secure Wi-Fi and wired connectivity to the internal network. Supports user requests and performs remote installations as needed. Assists remote users with access problems ranging from password resets to network access failures. Supports messaging & calendaring services and content collaboration. Support issues with mobile devices. Leads in ticket processes and provides coaching for other technicians when workflow deficiencies are identified. Has deep understanding of defined team metrics, such as backlog, aging, effectiveness; this technician then takes actions based on the current trends in Service. Attends and participates in weekly team syncs by driving actionable discussions. Displays learning agility by actively seeking answers when technically challenged. Seeks feedback from other Help Desk Technicians to optimize and improve support, while also maintaining a solid understanding of general user support needs and requirements. Qualifications As a Remote Help Desk Technician, you are the face of IT. Strong interpersonal communication skills with a high degree of empathy is a must. Complete understanding of Microsoft Outlook™ client (Windows & Mac) and Outlook Web Access, with experience resolving complex problems and assisting users with advanced functionality. Experience in supporting PCs and Windows OS in a commercial or enterprise environment is preferred. Applied experience with Microsoft Exchange™ including a firm understanding of Groups and permissions is key. Comprehensive knowledge of Windows is a plus, in issues ranging from resolving registry conflicts to troubleshooting system crashes and performance issues. Strong knowledge of supporting iOS and Android devices in a commercial or enterprise environment is preferred. Deep understanding of fault domain isolation, and root-cause analysis is essential for success in this role. Working knowledge of Active Directory and basic AD administration is desirable. Proven experience resolving secure network access problems involving but not limited to digital certificate authentication and client remote access services—either using Juniper Networks or Cisco solutions. Working knowledge of video collaboration, including tools like Zoom, BlueJeans Network and WebEx.
 Employee Engagement Specialist: The Employee Engagement Specialist will develop and deliver development initiatives that directly enhance and impact employee and team capabilities for a fast paced, technology driven company. An innovative thinker, they will support projects and programs that enable our Employee Experience. This role supports all phases of the Employee Experience through strong partnerships within the Human Resources Department, cross-functional teams and employees at all levels that strive to impact process improvement and employee engagement. The ideal candidate, working closely with the business, will facilitate, design and deliver learning solutions focused on leadership development and employee engagement. This person will implement and measure initiatives that drive employee and team capabilities to enable the business to meet their organizational objectives. Scope will include: Training Delivery Instructional Design Culture Integration and Employee Engagement Leadership Development Program Analysis and Evaluations Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Conducts training needs analysis, program design, development, execution and ongoing program management and evaluation Leverages skills and experience to support larger business unit – including culture integration, onboarding, leadership development, change management and learning initiatives Aligns organizational knowledge with L&D; initiatives leading to the development, coordination, and implementation of critical and applicable programs within the organization Data identification and analysis (NPS/eNPS/Likert/L1-L4 Evaluations) used to identify metrics and trends that articulate the success and sustainability strategy for assigned programs Explores industry trends and makes recommendations for program enhancement and activities to encourage employee engagement, retention, inclusion and growth Administration and coordination of learning and/or talent development initiatives through web-based platforms (GoToTraining/WebEx/Zoom) and learning management system (HRIS/LMS) Qualifications & Experience: 3-5 years in Training, Learning and Development or HR field. Leadership, design or OD experience strongly preferred 2-4 years’ experience in Employee Engagement, Building Culture, Learning, Leadership Development and/or Human Performance Technology Strong relationship building skills and ability to partner with all levels of the business in a fast-paced, fast-growth, and complex business environment Strong client management skills and ability to contract with business unit leaders and collaborate with HR partners in a fast-paced, fast-growth, and complex business environment A successful track-record navigating and delivering results in a matrixed organization, with experience of operating globally Highly articulate communication skills. I.e. Writes well-structured and persuasive end products, probes deep on key issues, draws customer into problem solving, articulate and persuasive, synthesizes information well, is in command of the audience and turns presentations into constructive dialogues, develops comprehensive communication plans Leverages Adult Learning Methodology to conduct needs analysis, design for both IL and web-based delivery, develops collateral, and uses data and metrics in overall approach. Experience with authoring tools. E-Learning program experience preferred Project Management experience. Leveraging techniques and tools to support learning development projects (Project Plan Development, Execution, Control, and Evaluation) Customer focus and a collaborative team-oriented attitude balanced with the ability to work independently Articulating and driving results to achieve team goals Other Skills & Abilities: Commitment to adopt, implement and demonstrate the behaviors of the Core Values of the Organization Capability to focus on delivering priorities and succeeding in a fast-paced company with high expectations Aptitude for fostering, encouraging, and participating in an environment of open communication using strong interpersonal, written and presentation/facilitation communication skills Passionate about connecting people to a vision and purpose Strong business acumen and solid understanding of business fundamentals and processes Collaborative Technology Expertise—LMS, WebEx Training Center, GoToTraining, and/or Adobe Connect Education, Certificate and/or Licenses Preferred: Bachelor’s Degree preferred - years of experience and or professional certifications could offset degree preferred Post-graduate qualifications in Industrial / Organizational Psychology or Organizational Development highly desirable CPLP or SHRM – CP / SCP Coaching / Leadership Model certifications (E.g. DDI or Situational Leadership) Certificate in change management, project management, organizational development, instructional design or related discipline
 Employee Engagement Coordinator: The Employee Engagement Coordinator will work closely with HR and business leadership teams to guide, inform and implement the Employee Engagement strategy for a fast paced, technology driven company. They will be integral in the creation, delivery and integration of programs in support of the employee experience across all parts of the company. This position supports and encourages an engaged, high performing culture that emphasizes connection to the vision, mission and values of the company through ownership, empowerment, wellness, quality, productivity and standards and goal attainment. The successful outcomes generated from employee engagement with be a greater sense of purpose, results and rewards for employees. Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Develop tactics to deliver on set strategies that ensure the values are reflected in our day-today business and employee management tools and processes Establish standard measurements to monitor the health of the culture and identifies potential hotspots where issues may be forming or currently exist Builds relationships and connections across companies, departments and locations – ensuring subcultures tie into the organizational culture strategies and framework Develop and execute employee-centered culture events in partnership with the Marketing team and other key partners as needed Manages culture and engagement related vendors and suppliers in delivering on culture enhancing initiatives Leads projects and other key initiatives as assigned Explores industry trends and makes recommendations for program enhancement and activities to encourage employee engagement, retention, inclusion and growth Administration, coordination and hands on support of engagement initiatives through web-based platforms (CoSpace/GoToTraining/WebEx/Zoom) learning management system (HRIS/LMS) and other vehicles Qualifications & Experience: 1- 3 years experience in Employee Engagement, Training, Leadership Development, Event Planning or an HR related field Strong relationship building skills and ability to partner with all levels of the business in a fast-paced, fast-growth, and complex business environment Highly articulate communication skills. I.e. Writes well-structured and persuasive end products, probes deep on key issues, draws customers into problem solving, articulate and persuasive, synthesizes information well, is in command of the audience and turns presentations into constructive dialogues, develops comprehensive communication plans Project Management experience. Leveraging techniques and tools to support projects (Project Plan Development, Execution, Control, and Evaluation) Client focus, and a collaborative team-oriented attitude balanced with the ability to work independently Articulating and driving results to achieve team goals Event planning capabilities to include creative concept ideas, planning, organizing resources and managing vendors for internal and external company events Other Skills & Abilities: Commitment to adopt, implement and demonstrate the behaviors of the Core Values of the Organization Capability to focus on delivering priorities and succeeding in a fast-paced company with high expectations Aptitude for fostering, encouraging, and participating in an environment of open communication using strong interpersonal, written and presentation/facilitation communication skills Display organizational savvy in understanding the diverse needs of our teams Passionate about connecting people to a vision and purpose Strong business acumen and solid understanding of business fundamentals and processes Collaborative Technology Expertise—LMS, WebEx Training Center, GoToTraining, and/or Adobe Connect Education, Certificate and/or Licenses Preferred: Bachelor’s Degree preferred - years of experience and or professional certifications could offset degree preferred Certificate in event planning, change management, project management, organizational development, instructional design or related discipline ATD-CPLP or SHRM – CP / SCP Coaching / Leadership Model certifications (E.g. DDI or Situational Leadership)
 Asset Protection Associate: What does a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. A Best Buy Asset Protection Associate coaches and leads employees in asset protection best practices to ensure a safe, secure and profitable environment throughout the store. They work with the Asset Protection Lead to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any accidents. They also demonstrate preparedness and exhibit behaviors for proper emergency response procedures. At Best Buy we give you plenty of ways to challenge yourself. You’ll find working in a high-paced retail environment increases your ability to solve problems, multitask and work in a team environment. Further, our leadership is committed to helping you succeed in your current role and prepare you for the next through coaching and performance appraisals. 40% of your time you will: Monitor the store for potential security risks and alarm function. Protect against fraudulent activity by creating AP Alerts and reporting and documenting incidents properly when necessary. 30% of your time you will: Teach and coach store employees about the principles, standards and policies related to safety and crisis events and monitor their fulfillment. Work with the Asset Protection Lead and others to resolve any hazards or compliance issues and investigate any employee or customer accidents. 30% of your time you will: Interact with customers and store employees to maintain a safe and profitable environment. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Asset Protection Associate? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Merchandising Specialist: What does a Best Buy Merchandising Specialist do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. This position is responsible to implement assigned responsibilities from Merchandising Senior in merchandising designated areas, upstocks merchandise to ensure department is continually stocked and replenished, and confirms the accuracy and timeliness of implementing special program guidelines. You will also assist customers in locating product. 45% of your time you will: Following weekly merchandising packet instructions, merchandises designated areas: Checks in drop shipments, truck shipments, and GEO shuttles. Confirms products are put on sales floor properly and in a timely manner. Arranges product according to planogram specifications. Performs ad set, price change, clean & bright, functionality and farming duties. Insure check-out lanes are set with proper product in each line. 25% of your time you will: Monitors floor merchandise: Upstocks overstock product when necessary. Downstocks product when necessary. Moves all product off of the sales floor prior to opening. 20% of your time you will: Ensures program guidelines are followed: Confirms Raincheck Follow up is completed. Confirms functionality checks are complete and problems reported to the manager. Brings "lock-up" product to front checkout lanes for customer purchases. Confirms closeout and open item program guidelines are followed. 10% of your time you will: Greets customer and assists with locating product What are the professional requirements of an Merchandising Specialist? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Ability to lift or maneuver 50-100 pounds, with or without accommodations Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience in retail, customer service or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Induction Achievement Advisor: Purpose Statement The purpose of the Achievement Advisor is to effectively use a variety of instructional practices, coaching and leadership skills to develop deep understanding of curriculum, instruction, and assessment and provide ongoing, targeted support for site-based and district-wide students, teachers and other AA colleagues across disciplines. Essential Functions 1\. Instructional Support  Model, whisper coach, and/or co-teach with effective instructional practices for teachers and other AAs  Collaborate with district and site Achievement Advisors and administrators to provide in-class support  Collaborate with classroom teachers to improve instruction  Support teachers and administrators in developing a teaching-learning model to increase students’ achievement of grade level curriculum  Analyze and interpret data to drive instructional support  Conduct consistent, in-the-moment, in-class support for all teachers  Provide teachers with in-the-moment support who are on support plans upon site administrator and/or district director request  Lead teachers through the lesson planning process to ensure instruction is aligned with state standards  Facilitate reflective conferences with teachers when appropriate 2\. Professional Development Facilitation  Analyze and interpret data to drive instruction and professional development  Assist with the planning, creation, facilitation, and implementation of site and district professional development  Conduct in-service programs for teachers and staff as required by federal, state, district and/or site initiatives 3\. Collaborative Team Support  Support grade-level and content-specific teams through a collaborative inquiry process of implementing curriculum, instruction, and assessment effective practices  Create and evaluate curricula and assessments at the site and district-wide  Provide evidence-based strategies to staff for student support 4\. Student Intervention and Remediation  Provide direct instructional services to targeted students for intervention and remediation  Analyze and interpret data to drive explicit instruction  Develop short term and long term plans of student support to be implemented 5\. Other duties as assigned as related to the job description Job Requirements: Minimum Qualifications SKILLS are required to perform single, non-technical tasks with a potential need to upgrade skills in order to meet changing job conditions. KNOWLEDGE of effective teaching and learning methods and techniques is required. Knowledge is required to follow instructions and understand multi-step written and oral instructions. ABILITY is required to implement the following attributes:  Demonstrate knowledge and experience in evidence-based teaching and effective professional development strategies  Demonstrate the ability to act resourcefully to differentiate for all students and adult learners  Demonstrate the ability to use multiple methods of assessment and analyze resulting data  Demonstrate the ability to demonstrate leadership and work collaboratively  Demonstrate the ability to utilize teacher assessment data, prior knowledge and interest to effectively plan and facilitate professional development and coaching  Demonstrate the ability to utilize student assessment data, prior knowledge and interest to effectively plan a classroom lesson and/or intervention  Demonstrate an in-depth knowledge of curriculum, instruction, assessment, and professional development for a range of grade levels and content areas  Demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and basic technology skills  Demonstrate competent skills for facilitating training Responsibility Responsibilities include: working under limited supervision following standardized practices and/or methods; providing information and/or advising others. Achievement Advisors are on a teacher contract and paid based on the teacher salary schedule. AAs are paid a stipend for 20 required, additional work days added to the teacher contract. Working Environment The usual and customary methods of performing the job's functions require the following physical demands: significant lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling; significant climbing and balancing; frequent stooping, kneeling, crouching, and/or crawling; and significant fine finger dexterity. Generally the job requires 20% sitting, 40% walking, and 40% standing. The job is performed under minimal temperature variations and in a generally hazard free environment. Experience A minimum of 3 years of successful teaching experience in appropriate content area(s). Education Master’s degree in Curriculum and Instruction, Educational Leadership or appropriate content area is desired. Equivalency None specified
 Inside Curriculum Specialist - K-12 Science: Description At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. From bringing lectures vividly to life to turning textbooks into laptop lessons, we are always reexamining the way people learn best, whether it’s one child in our own backyard or an education community across the globe. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who motivate each other to explore new frontiers in an environment that supports and inspires us to always be better. By pushing the boundaries of technology — and each other to surpass these boundaries — we create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations, personal and global, large and small. Come check us out. What big idea will you help us launch? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkyK4aaYzpc Pearson is constantly looking to add to our AMAZING team of Specialists! We are actively searching for an expert K-12 Inside Curriculum Specialist with a deep knowledge in content area of Science . As a highly skilled Inside Curriculum Specialist, you will provide exceptional sales and introductory product orientation training for print, digital and blended learning programs, partnering with other specialists and share responsibilities for assigned regions. Your ability to drive educators, at all levels, to make sound decisions regarding learning outcome choices for students and teachers, will allow you to remain actively involved with K-12 education! You will be able to provide and communicate your expertise on national education standards, current education pedagogy and market trends. As a strong communicator, you will have the opportunity to develop and maintain ongoing relationships that involve all levels of state, regional, or district K-12 employees; superintendent, administrator, teacher, and para-professionals! If you are a self-starter with a passion for K-12 education, this is the time to be part of Pearson and keep the whole world learning. Because where learning flourishes, so do people! This exciting opportunity is at our Chandler, Arizona site location (No relocation assistance available) . Here is what you will get to do: \+ Work in partnership with Account General Managers throughout the region as a content specialist Support the sales process from prospecting to close for Pearson products, services and solutions respective to your portfolio in assigned markets \+ Partner directly with the Market Sales Teams and product management to advance Pearson products, services and solutions in your market \+ Responsible for contributing to the achievement of revenue targets as assigned \+ Deliver winning presentations for each sales cycle to include: exhibits/ conferences, pre-work/issue setting workshops, meetings/campaigns, pilots, sales presentations, and program activation \+ Develop relationships with key k-12 decision makers within the market segment \+ Maintain content level expertise through the Pearson certification process \+ Deliver program activation trainings for new and on-going customer accounts \+ Collaborate with internal Pearson teams including sales, services, and product management Qualifications Required Skills/Knowledge/Abilities: \+ BA/BS Degree; Master’s is preferred \+ 5 years of K-12 education experience to include classroom teaching experience Science \+ Expert knowledge of education theory and market trends in assigned content area (Science) \+ Proven success and experience with virtual delivery \+ Deep knowledge and passion for learning in K-12 education \+ Exceptional Self-starter \+ Extraordinary ability to network with district administrators and decision makers at all levels of state, regional and/or district K-12 employees \+ Demonstrated ability to deliver winning presentations in large and small groups \+ Strong proficiency with technology, including the ability to use various presentation software and hardware Additional Pluses: \+ Specialty training or advanced certification \+ Previous experience in selling and servicing to the education market \+ Active participation of knowing competitive landscape Pearson fuels the growing demand for effective education and high-quality information in the global knowledge economy, and share a common goal: to help people get on in their lives through education. For more information, visit www.pearson.com. Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Primary Location: US-AZ-Chandler Other Locations US-AZ-Tucson, US-CA-Los Angeles, US-Arizona, US-CA-San Diego, US-AZ-Flagstaff, US-AZ-Phoenix, US-NV-Las Vegas Job: Sales Organization: North America Employee Status: Regular Employee Job Type: Standard Shift: Day Job Job Posting: Aug 10, 2018 Job Unposting: Ongoing Schedule: Full-time Regular Req ID: 1810925 Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
KIND Brand Ambassador - Mobile Team Captain - Phoenix: Job Description: Who are we? Since its founding in 2004, KIND has been on a mission to make the world a little kinder one snack and one act at a time. KIND was born out of its founder’s desire to create a snack that was healthy and tasty, wholesome and convenient. What began as a line of premium Fruit & Nut bars sparked the creation of an entirely new healthier snacking category. Today, KIND has a family of snacks that offer solutions for a variety of different occasions. We love making snacks that delight people’s taste buds and fuel their bodies, and we also love inspiring kindness in communities everywhere. As a not-only- for-profit company, we’ve always believed that there’s more to business than just profit. We’re looking for passionate collaborators to help us become the foremost leader in health & wellness and positively impact society along the way. If you’re looking to be a part of an inspiring, energetic and entrepreneurial environment, you’ve found the right place. What you’ll do As a KIND Brand Ambassador - Mobile Team Captain (KBA) you will be the face of the brand at various field marketing events and sampling activations, including key events, opportunistic samplings, and retail support. In this role, you will largely be responsible for the mobile sampling efforts of the Field Marketing team, and be part of a group of ambassadors occasionally relied upon and responsible for driving the KIND vehicle. This is how you will do it… Retail Activations Coordinate in - store demos with store managers and demo coordinators on schedules, product levels and demo guidelines. Create a unique customer experience to increase brand awareness and build customer loyalty, and ultimately drive in-store sales. Capture demo results by timely reporting on all pertinent information into the tracking system including gathering important insights and consumer feedback to present to KIND Headquarters. Represent all KIND product lines across the entire portfolio, with a strong understanding of nutrition and key functions and benefits of ingredients. Maintain relationships with existing sales accounts through POS placement and store merchandising and other retail activations. Marketing Events Support marketing events relevant to the brand and to the region. You’ll be responsible for partnering with like-minded companies in your region. Participate in strategic coordination and execution of sampling initiatives, reaching consumers where they live, play and shop. Build & Maintain Relationships Seed and develop new relationships with market influencers, ultimately leading to increased brand visibility. Communicate success stories, key learnings, and other activities to your Field Marketing Team Lead. Amplify KIND initiatives through personal network and social media support. Engage and educate consumers through mobile occasion sampling. Spread Kindness Do unexpected acts of kindness for others. Required Experience: What you’ll bring to KIND A background in customer service, which has strengthened your skills to provide a stellar customer experience. An energetic and entrepreneurial spirit. Deep understanding of what it takes to execute a successful event. You are… Down to earth, fun and have a 'work hard, play hard' mentality. An executor of account based marketing strategies that align to revenue goals. Naturally outgoing and internally motivated in your personal and professional efforts. A relationship builder, excited by the opportunity to partner with our customers and consumers. A results oriented self-starter. Able to maintain direction and focus by leveraging organizational abilities and proactive planning. A multi-tasker with the ability to prioritize competing tasks. Genuine in your desire to help make the world a kinder place, committing to always spreading and celebrating kindness. Willing to regularly work early mornings, evenings, and weekends based on company needs. You have… 2 years of relevant experience in events, promotions, media or consumer products marketing. Reliable transportation and a valid driver’s license with a clean driving record. The ability and willingness to transport KIND supplies in personal vehicle when needed. Celebrated your 21st birthday (requirement for our driver’s insurance for the KIND Jeep) and comfortable driving KIND vehicle in heavy traffic and city centers The ability to positively engage the public, representing the brand in a highly positive manner. An existing network of relevant contacts, specifically within active lifestyle, culture and business. An understanding of both marketing & sales fundamentals. A deep-rooted understanding of the relevant marketing and surrounding area. Mastered the ability to work autonomously and collaboratively. Access to a computer for reporting sampling results, and are well versed in Microsoft PowerPoint & Excel. Access to a personal smart phone for schedule updates, photo capturing, and emails. The ability to lift heavy items including tents, tables, and boxes up to 50 lbs. The ability to be in contact with and handle food products that contain nuts or food products made in a facility that processes nuts. Pluses A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience. What KIND offers Casual dress code - wear your KIND gear. A dynamic, ambitious, fun and KIND environment. The opportunity and responsibility to be KIND every day. EEO At KIND, we are committed to an inclusive workplace where diversity in all its forms is championed. KIND is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and we are an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require special accommodation, please let us know. Keyword: Brand Ambassador, Event Execution, Marketing, Sampling From: KIND
 SVP, PBM Operations: Reports to the Magellan Rx Management Chief Operating Officer. Leads critical elements of the MRx operations organization, including operations strategy, operations quality and process improvement, learning and performance improvement, contact center and workforce management, member engagement/experience strategy, integration of acquired businesses, surveillance and oversight, and IT portfolio oversight and coordination. Establishes strategic operation objectives, implements, monitors, measures and refines objectives to ensure positive outcomes and alignment with corporate and MRx performance goals. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Leads the development of an annual operations strategy by working across peer organizations and in concert with the Pharmacy IT functions, with specific deliverables, objectives, and quantifiable goals. As the operational business owner, collaborates and coordinates with IT, Network, and Business Development leadership teams to define business requirements for related operational support systems. Creates and/or defines processes, tools, measurements and systems consistent with processes found in the MRx environment. Determines areas of overlap and opportunities for synergies within MRx by working with all subject matter experts to ensure operational effectiveness. Develops financial operating model in partnership with Finance team. Drives productivity improvements, not only within the Operations organization but across MRx. Defines and develops solutions for all segments of operations to include call center, help desk, clinical operations and formulary operations. Functions as a member of the senior leadership team in providing creative solutions, proposing new opportunities and driving toward an aggressive growth target. Oversees all operational project activities that are central to implementation of key initiatives and on-boarding new clients and/or programs. Identifies and creates solutions for customers, and as an executive sponsor of proposals and RFP responses, provides strategic direction and operational solutions. General Job Information Title SVP, PBM Operations Grade 35 Job Family Pharmacy Group Country United States of America FLSA Status United States of America (Exempt) Recruiting Start Date 8/2/2018 Date Requisition Created 8/2/2018 Minimum Qualifications Education Bachelors|| && Masters License and Certifications - Required License and Certifications - Preferred LSSBB - Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Certification - Enterprise Other Job Requirements Responsibilities 10+ year experience working in a healthcare and/or PBM operations capacity.Medicare and Medicaid experience highly desirable. Proven leader of senior leaders. Experience from within an exponential growth organization.Deep domain expertise in all aspects of PBM operations in an executive leadership capacity. Magellan Health Services is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Tobacco-free workplace. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled
Hurley Seasonal Associate, Tempe, AZ: Working in Hurley Retail will be rewarding and challenging and is definitely not just another job. You will be an ambassador of the Hurley brand and everything we stand for: drive, determination and the unyielding commitment to excellence. We are committed to making every customers experience a rewarding one. As a member of our Retail team your contributions will be a big part of our success. Objective : To assist store management, as a member of the Hurley team, to achieve sales targets and ensure long-term business growth by providing premium customer service and maintaining store standards Embrace and utilize customer service training principles Build deep connections to the customer using training principles Understand expectations and achieve targeted sales goals. Ensure 100% zone coverage Drive toward a high level of product expertise Understand and demonstrate an understanding of Retail standards (store attendance, conduct standards, Matter of Respect, etc.) Ensure daily restock is completed Ensure all merchandising standards are maintained Support other facets of the retail location (front of house, back of house, shipping and receiving, store opening and closing, customization, etc.) as business requires it Other duties as assigned Qualifications High School/Secondary School Diploma or equivalent 1+ year work experience Ability to understand direction and communicate in English Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers and management staff Demonstrate a courteous and helpful attitude Must be able to manage personal time to accomplish multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Physical requirements include the ability to twist, bend, squat, reach, climb a ladder and stand for extended periods of time Our commitment doesn't stop with our customers. If you're up to the challenge of Hurley Retail we'll make it worth your while. You'll be working in a great team environment, with access to the latest and greatest products and apparel. We pride ourselves in providing a competitive compensation and benefits package. Join us and see what it means to be a part of the Hurley Retail experience! We're interested in learning more about you and appreciate you taking the time to apply online. To ensure we continue to hire competent, ethical and trustworthy individuals, all candidates must successfully complete a thorough background investigation prior to receiving any final offer of employment from Hurley.
Function Manager: General Responsibilities As a Function Manager (FM) you will be given the opportunity to further hone your management and leadership skills while driving results across one or more areas of operations. You will be assigned specific area(s) such as IR, Counter, Gold/Exit Gate, or Bus. As a Functional Manager you will work on the day-to-day aspects of the rental car business while using superior management, leadership and customer service skills. You will work with a wide range of employees, customers, vendors, and third party contractors to achieve the overall results and goals for your area of operations. You are responsible for managing a unionized and/or non- unionized workforce, delivering quality customer service, increasing sales and revenue, scheduling adequate staff coverage, handling escalated customer issues and requests, recruiting new employees and providing them with training. You will be an expert in all of Hertz products and services and will coach employees how to improve their ability to sell and meet customer needs. Additionally, depending on your assigned area you will be responsible for the rental fleet at your location including staying aware of hourly reservations, return counts, vehicle make and model availability, preventative maintenance schedules, etc. to achieve the greatest revenue and profitability Mandatory Requirements To be a Great FM you need: Commitment to developing and learning a wide variety of skills so that you can advance to higher levels at Hertz A desire to grow with Hertz including a willingness to live and work in a number of different cities throughout the United States A deep desire to work with and lead others as a team to build a business that is both fast paced and continually improving An ability to manage all aspects of the rental car business from Customer Service, Sales, Fleet Management, Maintenance, Vehicle Service, Vehicle Replenishment and Financial Analysis An ability to remain level headed and calm with both customers and employees as you assist them through challenging situations An ability to be a Hertz Brand Ambassador at all times as you seek to create a positive environment and solutions that generate continued customer and employee loyalty Skills Strong management, communications, interpersonal relationship, customer service, problem solving, fleet management, and sales skills Strong planning and logistical skills An Associate’s Degree required and a four-year degree is preferred for this role Preferred Requirements Hertz is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening. EEO/AA: Females/Minorities/Disabled/Vets
Solar O &M Director: Build an organization and infrastructure that proactively monitors, evaluates, reporting and helps clients improve plant performance and returns. Lead the process to analyze plant performance providing feedback to the design, procurement and field execution teams Lead the O&M and Warranty Services offering to continually improve program proactively identifying and addressing client current and potential warranty issues driving improved plant performance and lower overall operating costs. Work with project teams and directors to identify all warranty requirements and obligations. Lead project teams to develop warranty plans to provide clients high value warranty services. Develop the pricing, scopes and terms for the O&M offering Develop an O&M advisory program to help clients ensure they are performing O&M that results in better performing plants as well as meeting warranty and legal requirements. Lead the commissioning team improving performance testing and inspection providing customers and McCarthy team to understand the plant’s ability to meet the long-term performance. Lead the performance modeling integrating current plant performance into the modeling best practices. Develop staff growth plans for each of the staff supporting warranty, O&M, commissioning and performance modeling. Build a post construction culture of continually learning from our operating facilities focused on providing clients top value energy production with reliable, high performing facilities. Skills/Experience Team Leadership: The director needs to provide leadership based on the McCarthy values to bring together various post construction functions and skilled individuals. Business Acumen: The director for this position needs to have an ability to develop a vision for the post construction offering that supports the growth of the business. PV Plant Performance Analysis and Troubleshooting: The individual needs to have a deep understanding of PV plant performance and identify issues that impacts the performance. Plant Commissioning: Have an understanding of commissioning and ability to work with the commissioning leader to improve the processes. Performance Modeling: Understand PV system modeling and specifically PV Syst. McCarthy is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer regardless of race, color, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religious beliefs, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
 Apple Mobile Master: What does a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master do? At Best Buy, our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. The Apple Mobile Master provides a world-class customer experience and improves our efficiency as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. The Apple Mobile Master ensures that no customers are ever left unserved or underserved, providing velocity and solutions support to solve for customer needs. Works closely with other employees, especially the Sales Team Leader, Supervisor or Manager, to ensure customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master, you will engage customers using selling skills to complete the sale, drive profitable growth, and achieve your individual goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Apple Mobile Master? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Market 14 Deployment Functionality Technician (Overnight): What does a Best Buy Deployment Functionality Technician (DFT) do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives of our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. The overnight Deployment Functionality Technician (DFT) is responsible for the implementation and functionality of the low voltage portions of Deployment Projects. This includes new interactive displays and IT network cabling and devices. They are solely responsible for the installation of the A/V infrastructure and for the maintenance and upkeep of all applicable merchandising standards. They use their merchandising and technical skills to complete the tasks associated with store Remodels, New Store Openings, Special Projects, and other company initiatives as assigned. 40% of your time you will: Implement new interactive displays and technologies during Remodels, Special Projects and New Store Openings 30% of your time you will: Install and maintain new and current IT and Audio/Video signal distribution in Best Buy stores and related company initiatives 20% of your time you will: Complete merchandising tasks, which include planogram assignments, clean and bright, implementing fixtures, signage and product security devices 10% of your time you will: Accountable for communicating and basic training of new displays and their functions to store employees What are the professional requirements of a Deployment Functionality Technician (DFT)? Basic Qualifications: High school diploma or equivalent Must be 18 years or older Must be able to lift and move up to 50lbs Must be able to travel Must be willing and able to work overnight shifts Preferred Qualifications: 1 year of merchandising experience 1 year of cabling or IT experience What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Achievement Advisor - Gifted: Purpose Statement The purpose of the Achievement Advisor is to effectively use a variety of instructional practices, coaching and leadership skills to develop deep understanding of curriculum, instruction, and assessment and provide ongoing, targeted support for site-based and district-wide students, teachers and other AA colleagues across disciplines. Essential Functions 1\. Instructional Support  Model, whisper coach, and/or co-teach with effective instructional practices for teachers and other AAs  Collaborate with district and site Achievement Advisors and administrators to provide in-class support  Collaborate with classroom teachers to improve instruction  Support teachers and administrators in developing a teaching-learning model to increase students’ achievement of grade level curriculum  Analyze and interpret data to drive instructional support  Conduct consistent, in-the-moment, in-class support for all teachers  Provide teachers with in-the-moment support who are on support plans upon site administrator and/or district director request  Lead teachers through the lesson planning process to ensure instruction is aligned with state standards  Facilitate reflective conferences with teachers when appropriate 2\. Professional Development Facilitation  Analyze and interpret data to drive instruction and professional development  Assist with the planning, creation, facilitation, and implementation of site and district professional development  Conduct in-service programs for teachers and staff as required by federal, state, district and/or site initiatives 3\. Collaborative Team Support  Support grade-level and content-specific teams through a collaborative inquiry process of implementing curriculum, instruction, and assessment effective practices  Create and evaluate curricula and assessments at the site and district-wide  Provide evidence-based strategies to staff for student support 4\. Student Intervention and Remediation  Provide direct instructional services to targeted students for intervention and remediation  Analyze and interpret data to drive explicit instruction  Develop short term and long term plans of student support to be implemented 5\. Other duties as assigned as related to the job description Job Requirements: Minimum Qualifications SKILLS are required to perform single, non-technical tasks with a potential need to upgrade skills in order to meet changing job conditions. KNOWLEDGE of effective teaching and learning methods and techniques is required. Knowledge is required to follow instructions and understand multi-step written and oral instructions. ABILITY is required to implement the following attributes:  Demonstrate knowledge and experience in evidence-based teaching and effective professional development strategies  Demonstrate the ability to act resourcefully to differentiate for all students and adult learners  Demonstrate the ability to use multiple methods of assessment and analyze resulting data  Demonstrate the ability to demonstrate leadership and work collaboratively  Demonstrate the ability to utilize teacher assessment data, prior knowledge and interest to effectively plan and facilitate professional development and coaching  Demonstrate the ability to utilize student assessment data, prior knowledge and interest to effectively plan a classroom lesson and/or intervention  Demonstrate an in-depth knowledge of curriculum, instruction, assessment, and professional development for a range of grade levels and content areas  Demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and basic technology skills  Demonstrate competent skills for facilitating training Responsibility Responsibilities include: working under limited supervision following standardized practices and/or methods; providing information and/or advising others. Achievement Advisors are on a teacher contract and paid based on the teacher salary schedule. AAs are paid a stipend for 20 required, additional work days added to the teacher contract. Working Environment The usual and customary methods of performing the job's functions require the following physical demands: significant lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling; significant climbing and balancing; frequent stooping, kneeling, crouching, and/or crawling; and significant fine finger dexterity. Generally the job requires 20% sitting, 40% walking, and 40% standing. The job is performed under minimal temperature variations and in a generally hazard free environment. Experience A minimum of 3 years of successful teaching experience in appropriate content area(s). Education Master’s degree in Curriculum and Instruction, Educational Leadership or appropriate content area is desired. Equivalency None specified
Hurley Part-Time Under Associate, Tempe, AZ: Working in Hurley Retail will be rewarding and challenging and is definitely not just another job. You will be an ambassador of the Hurley brand and everything we stand for: drive, determination and the unyielding commitment to excellence. We are committed to making every customers experience a rewarding one. As a member of our Retail team your contributions will be a big part of our success. Objective : To assist store management, as a member of the Hurley team, to achieve sales targets and ensure long-term business growth by providing premium customer service and maintaining store standards Embrace and utilize customer service training principles Build deep connections to the customer using training principles Understand expectations and achieve targeted sales goals. Ensure 100% zone coverage Drive toward a high level of product expertise Understand and demonstrate an understanding of Retail standards (store attendance, conduct standards, Matter of Respect, etc.) Ensure daily restock is completed Ensure all merchandising standards are maintained Support other facets of the retail location (front of house, back of house, shipping and receiving, store opening and closing, customization, etc.) as business requires it Other duties as assigned Qualifications High School/Secondary School Diploma or equivalent 1+ year work experience Ability to understand direction and communicate in English Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers and management staff Demonstrate a courteous and helpful attitude Must be able to manage personal time to accomplish multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Physical requirements include the ability to twist, bend, squat, reach, climb a ladder and stand for extended periods of time Our commitment doesn't stop with our customers. If you're up to the challenge of Hurley Retail we'll make it worth your while. You'll be working in a great team environment, with access to the latest and greatest products and apparel. We pride ourselves in providing a competitive compensation and benefits package. Join us and see what it means to be a part of the Hurley Retail experience! We're interested in learning more about you and appreciate you taking the time to apply online. To ensure we continue to hire competent, ethical and trustworthy individuals, all candidates must successfully complete a thorough background investigation prior to receiving any final offer of employment from Hurley.
 Sales Supervisor, MHT - Store 253 (Camelback): What does a Sales Supervisor do? The Sales Supervisor ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will play a vital role in leading a Best Buy Department to elevate sales performance by sustaining positive customer and employee interactions. You will support the direction of the Assistant Store Manager - Sales in implementing sales action plans, monitoring business results, and driving execution of sales strategies. As the Sales Supervisor you will: Deliver on all aspects of the sales experience within your respective department through all touch points with Best Buy inside and outside of the store (eg. Online, Services, Delivery/Installation, Solutions etc.). Drive positive outcomes of key sales indicators within your department in support of Revenue, Margin, and NOP goals. Integrate partnerships and 3rd party programs specific to sales, training, and customer facing initiatives to ensure seamless experience. Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions while maintain a balance of high velocity and high service. Motivate, coach, recognize, and performance manage employees to reach their full potential. Resolve complex customer issues. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Supervisor? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in leadership Previous experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Associate degree or higher in business or related field 1 year consumer electronics experience Prior experience setting retail sales goals What are my rewards and benefits? Accelerate your career with an iconic brand! Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. Empowered with knowledge you’ll help others to also do their best. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including short term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment part of an industry that never sleeps. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Best Buy Apple Computing Master: What does a Best Buy Apple Computing Master do? At Best Buy our mission is to leverage the unique talents and passions of our employees to inspire, delight, and enrich the lives our customers through technology and all its possibilities. If you have a passion and curiosity for what is possible and enjoy people, we invite you to join us on this mission. Best Buy Apple Computing Masters excel at selling products and services, working closely with other members of the sales team. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self development. Then, armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy shopping experience, ensuring customers’ end-to- end needs are met. As a trusted adviser and partner, Best Buy Apple Computing Masters deliver unique customer value by developing strong relationships with customers, bringing them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. You’re a techno learner who enjoys working with people-employees and customers! Apple Computing Masters must not only know latest products-mobile devices, laptops, tablets-but stay ahead of the curve by frequently exploring and learning about new products and solutions. 80% of your time you will: Engage customers using selling skills to build complex, connected solutions in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where customers feel supported and leave delighted. Inspire customers by showing them what’s possible with technology. 20% of your time you will: Use innovative training tools to stay current, confident and complete, driving profitable growth and achieving individual and department goals. Accumulate and apply the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development, enabling you to provide an excellent customer shopping experience. Maintain your department’s merchandising and readiness to serve customers. Back up the sales team for phone and store pickup. Perform other duties as assigned. What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Apple Computing Master? Basic Qualifications 1 year of experience in sales, customer service or related field Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications Prior experience serving as a specialist/enthusiast in premium, luxury or complex technology product/services 1 year sales experience 1 year experience working with consumer electronics products/services What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Sales Consultant - HT, Gaming, Ent: What does a Sales Consultant do? The Sales Consultant ensures Best Buy delivers a world-class customer experience as THE destination and authority for technology products and services. You will provide velocity and solution support to solve customer needs to ensure that no customer is left unserved or underserved. As the Sales Consultant you will: Implement assigned responsibilities from store leadership in outlet area to engage customers using selling skills to build complete, connected solutions while maintaining a balance of high velocity and high service. Ensure inventory and merchandising standards are maintained in outlet store area. Demonstrate excellence in execution of selling skills, and selling strategy as evidenced by coaching forms and Customer Metrics (NPS and Mystery Shops). Support sales strategies in partnership with the Sales Manager to achieve operating results, growth objectives, and overall financial performance goals. What are the Professional Requirements of a Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work at Best Buy. While you’re making technology work for our customers, we’re making sure Best Buy works for you with our pay for performance philosophy. At Best Buy we offer top salaries for management, including both short and long term incentive plans based upon business results, as well as endless opportunities to grow in a dynamic work environment that’s part of an industry that never sleeps. From tuition reimbursement to deep employee discounts, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
Best Buy Mobile Sales Consultant: What does a Best Buy Mobile Sales Consultant do? Best Buy Mobile Sales Consultants excel at selling products and services and work closely with other sales team members. They accumulate the appropriate knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and self-development. Armed with the right tools and knowledge, they create ease and add value to the Best Buy Mobile experience; ensuring customers’ end-to-end needs are met. As a trusted advisor and partner, Best Buy Mobile Sales Consultants develop strong relationships with customers and bring them a little closer to family and friends by helping them close the gaps with technology. The Best Buy Mobile Sales Consultant engages customers by utilizing selling skills to build the right solutions for our customers. They will sell a broad range of mobile products and services using a proven structured approach while at the same time developing in-depth knowledge of the latest mobile technology. Job responsibilities include: Provide personalized service and exceptional expertise for customers. Takes complex technology and service plans and makes it simple for customers and other employees to understand. Fields questions about product features and explains benefits to consumers in a way that is engaging and promotes excitement in acquiring and using these products and services. They are patient, genuine and helpful while assisting customers in finding the right products and services. Demonstrates for each customer how finding the right products and services can enrich their lives What are the Professional Requirements of a Best Buy Mobile Sales Consultant? Basic Qualifications Ability to work successfully as part of a team Ability to work a flexible schedule inclusive of holidays, nights and weekends Preferred Qualifications 3 months experience working in customer service, sales or related fields What are my rewards and benefits? Discover your career here! At Geek Squad and Best Buy we offer much more than a paycheck. Surrounded by the latest and greatest technology, a team of amazing coworkers and a work environment where anything is possible, you’ll find it easy to be your best when you work with us. We provide an exciting work environment with a community of techno learners where you can be yourself while investing in your career. Empowered with knowledge you will discover endless opportunities to grow. From deep employee discounts to tuition reimbursement, to health, wealth and wellness benefits, to learning and development programs, we believe the success of our company depends on the passion of employees for learning, technology and people.
 Technical Developer Communications Manager, Deep Learning Institute: NVIDIA is looking for an experienced Technical Developer Communications Manager to join our Developer Programs team. This role involves interacting with a variety of developers, data scientists and researchers worldwide to create highly technical deep learning case stories highlighting the challenging problems and breakthrough results people are accomplishing with our technologies. You will possess a good knowledge of deep learning and understand the software and hardware that developers are using to develop applications across industries, including automotive, healthcare, life sciences, manufacturing, robotics, and smart cities. Do you love diving into a technology and evangelizing success stories to others? Are you passionate about accelerated computing and enabling developers to do their best work? If so, we would like to learn more about you. What you’ll be doing: Identify and develop a diversified portfolio of technical developer case studies Train internal sales and marketing teams on the tools and software our developers are using to create deep learning applications Find creative, fresh ways to bring deep learning developer success stories to life Help build a measurable platform to provide insightful metrics on deep learning What we need to see: Bachelor’s degree in a scientific/technical discipline or communications. 8+ years’ experience developing and delivering powerful, compelling technical communication for internal audiences, developers and customers. Experienced presenting to sales teams, at conferences, in webinars, through blogs and social media. Excellent written and spoken communication, including advanced PowerPoint skills. Experience in technical writing Creative thinker and self-starter, someone who is persistent and inventive Ability to thrive in a large organization and collaborate with peers across business units and functions Strong organizational skills, capable of handling multiple projects at the same time Links to your relevant work, including technical writing Ways to stand out from the crowd: Do you clearly communicate your understanding of the company’s strategy and technology? Do you have measurable results you can share? (metrics, awards, key accomplishments) Do you demonstrate the ability to continually innovate, think strategically and orchestrate many moving parts? Can-do attitude and growth mindset NVIDIA's invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI - the next era of computing - with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. What will make this intelligent industrial revolution possible? A new computing model - GPU deep learning - that enables computers to learn from data and write software that is too complex for people to code. We are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most talented people in the world working with us. If you are agile, independent, and collaborative, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
 De​ep Learning Software Intern: We are now looking for a Deep Learning Intern: What you’ll be doing: You will be responsible for developing Deep Learning network architectures for image and video processing tasks. The range of applications you'll work on includes: automotive drive assistance, autonomous navigation and video analysis. You'll be a part of a dynamic product and customer oriented team, thus strong communication skills are required. Your expertise and creativity will help bring the future of self-driving cars to our doorsteps. What we need to see: Pursuing MS, PhD in Computer Science, with a focus in Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence or related field Strong expertise in image processing with Deep Learning and Computer Vision Excellent python and C/C++ programming and software design skills Experience with deep learning frameworks: Caffé, Theano, Torch, is a plus Prior experience using Deep Learning to solve problems in Image or Video analysis a huge plus A commitment to bring your work to completion and see your work ship in cars worldwide. You should display strong communication skills, be organized and self-motivated, and play well with others (a great teammate) deeplearning NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Research Scientist (Deep Learning): We are now looking for a Research Scientist (Deep Learning): NVIDIA is searching for a world-class researcher in deep learning to join our applied research team. We are passionate about deep learning applied to computer vision, audio, text and other domains, with the goal of improving specific problems encountered in NVIDIA’s products. After building prototypes that demonstrate the promise of your research, you will work with product teams to help them integrate your ideas into products. If you agree with us that the most interesting thing about the deep learning revolution is applying it to solve real-life problems, this team will be a great fit for you. What you'll be doing: Conceive deep learning approaches to solving particular product problems. Construct and curate large problem specific datasets. Design and implement machine learning techniques aimed at solving specific problems. Transfer your technology to product groups. This position requires you to keep up with the latest DL research and collaborate with diverse teams (internal and external to Nvidia), including DL researchers, hardware architects, and software engineers. What we need to see: PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Math, or related field. 2+ years of relevant work or lab/research experience Excellent knowledge of theory and practice of machine learning. Excellent programming skills in some rapid prototyping environment such as MATLAB or Python; C++ and parallel programming (e.g., CUDA) is a plus. Knowledge of common machine learning frameworks. Track record of research excellence or significant product development. Knowledge of application areas such as computer vision or natural language processing Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic, product oriented, global team. A history of mentoring junior engineers and interns a huge plus. Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by Artificial Intelligence can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun. Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU deep learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human imagination, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, Nvidia’s GPU runs deep learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human imagination and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and artificial intelligence come together in our architecture. Nvidia is increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of researching new application areas for applying deep learning and artificial intelligence? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our Deep Learning Research team and help us invent the future of our company. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
 Deep Learning Data Scientist: We are looking to fill a key role in our Advanced Analytics team, which is the analytic hub of NVIDIA's business data organization. Be at the forefront of the fourth industrial revolution to learn and apply groundbreaking data science techniques to the development of product solutions and business strategies. If you are highly motivated, love gaming, and relish working on big-data scale problems to make a significant impact on business, we want you! What you’ll be doing: Mine massive amounts of data and perform large-scale data analysis to derive useful business insights into product, customer, and market behavior Understand business problems, translate them into quantitative models, and choose the best applicable statistical and analytical tools to drive a solution Develop descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive models using deep learning/machine learning algorithms. Identify actionable insights, suggest recommendations, and influence the direction by effectively communicating results to many crucial groups within the company What we need to see : PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Machine Learning/AI, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, etc. (Would consider Masters for extraordinary applicants) 5+ years of experience in using statistical, analytical, and ML techniques to solve business problems Strong applied experience with Deep Learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Theano, Keras, Caffe preferably on large consumer datasets. Strong understanding of Deep Learning methodology and math. Strong intuition for applying Deep Learning to practical problems. Vast knowledge and experience with machine learning algorithms and statistical tools like Python scikit, R, MLLib, etc. Knowledge of Hadoop and SQL are required, Spark is a plus Experience with algorithmic work on NLP datasets would be great Strength in collaboration with an ability to take the initiative and lead when needed A practical mindset If you have a passion for problem-solving, developing creative solutions, and continuous learning, a willingness to work with whichever machine learning algorithm is the most practical and effective for solving a specific business problem, and an understanding of the importance of data preparation, you'll be a great fit for this important team. Common sense is required in order to develop mathematical models that match the reality of the business process and business data. Does the following sentence apply to you? You are governed by curiosity, motivation, and a desire to work hard and to develop production-ready models within the target timeframe. If so, you're our ideal team member. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people on the planet working for us, as well as vast amounts of computing power for our Data Scientists to utilize in developing your models. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you! Deeplearning NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Deep Learning Performance Architect: We are now looking for a Deep Learning Performance Architect: NVIDIA is seeking extraordinary architects to develop processor and system architectures that accelerate machine learning, data analytics and high performance computing applications. This position offers the chance to create a significant impact in a dynamic, technology focused company. What you will be doing: As a member of our deep learning architecture team, you will craft system and processor architectures to extend the state of the art in deep learning efficiency and performance. Prototype key deep learning and data analytics algorithms and applications. Analyze trade-offs in performance, cost and power developing analytical models, simulators and test suites. Understand and analyze the interplay of hardware and software architectures on future algorithms, programming models and applications. Collaborate across the company to guide the direction of machine learning, working with software, research and product teams. What we need to see: You have a MS or PhD in relevant discipline (CS, EE, CE) with 3+ years of relevant work or research experience. Your resume includes a strong foundation in machine learning and deep learning fundamentals with an expertise in computer architecture. You have demonstrated fluency in programming languages such as Python, C, C++. Do you have experience and familiarity with GPU computing and parallel programming models? Experience with analytical performance modeling, profiling, and analysis. Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by artificial intelligence can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun. Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU deep learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human imagination, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, Nvidia’s GPU runs deep learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human creativity and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and artificial intelligence come together in our architecture. Two modes of the human brain, two modes of GPU. This may explain why Nvidia GPUs are used broadly for deep learning, and Nvidia is increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” Come and join our DL Architecture team, where you can help build the real- time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
GPU / Deep Learning Architect: We are now looking for a GPU / Deep Learning Architect: Are you passionate about exploring computer architectures for deep learning? Are you motivated to push the limits of GPU capabilities for visual computing? If so, our GPU architecture group is looking add you to our team. What you'll be doing: Analyze the performance of various machine learning/DL algorithms on existing/new architectures Identify bottlenecks and propose creative solutions to improve them. Explore the commonality between deep neural networks and visual computing Add new capabilities to GPU architectures What we need to see: You have an MS or PhD degree in computer science, computer architecture, electrical engineering or related field. Alternately, a 2+ years work/research experience in GPU architecture/DNN/3D-graphics, also works for us. You have explored architectures for Machine learning (with focus on DNN) You have a good exposure to GPU architectures, computations for 3D graphics. You love performance analysis and modeling You are a strong C++/python programmer. Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic, product oriented, global team. Your history of mentoring junior engineers and interns is a huge plus. Ways to stand out from the crowd: You have good intuitions about low power design trade-offs. You are familiar with DL frameworks/fundamentals You have valuable insights in numerical range/precision analysis, convergence of iterative algorithms etc. What is so exciting about this Job? Nvidia has been at the forefront of pushing the boundaries of visual computing and now using that platform for deep learning and AI. It begins with the most advanced GPUs and the systems and software we build on top of them. We innovate at architecture level as well as at the algorithm level to deliver maximum the performance for DL and visual computing algorithms at given power envelope. With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, we are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our elite engineering teams are rapidly growing. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for computer architecture and technology, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
 Software Engineer, Behavior Prediction, Deep Learning: Waymo is the self-driving technology company with a mission to make it safe and easy for people and things to move around. Building on software and sensor technology developed at Google, Waymo is now launching the world’s first fully self-driving transportation service that will take members of the public from A to B at the touch of a button. Software Engineering builds the brains of Waymo's fully self-driving vehicles. Our software allows our vehicles to perceive the world around them, make the right decision for every situation, and deliver people safely to their destinations. We think deeply and solve complex technical challenges in areas like robotics, perception, decision-making and deep learning, while collaborating with hardware and systems engineers. If you’re a software engineer who’s curious and passionate about Level 4 autonomous driving, we'd like to meet you. Find new ways to apply deep learning to predict the future behavior of other road users Creatively and collaboratively build new deep learning models that can predict the future behavior of other road users in real-time Develop efficient Deep Learning architectures that can run in real-time Grow a fundamental understanding of the next prediction challenges by analyzing real-world logs collected on our state-of-the-art fleet We'd like you to have at a minimum: PhD degree in Computer Science, Robotics, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience Experience in Deep Learning research Experience with TensorFlow Experience programming in C++ Nice to have qualities: Experience in applying ML for control or planning problems (e.g. Imitation Learning, Behavior Prediction, Reinforcement Learning) Experience with deploying Deep Learning models for real-time applications, or other resource constrained setting Experience with a wide variety of Deep Learning Models (e.g. LSTM, RNN, CNN, GAN, etc.)
 Applied Research Scientist (Deep Learning Algorithms): We are now looking for an Applied Research Scientist (Deep Learning Algorithms): NVIDIA is searching for a researcher with a strong background in applied math or machine learning to join our Deep Learning Algorithms team. This team develops new algorithms for distributed and parallel training of large deep networks, and for fast real-time inference. You will collaborate with teams that develop new software libraries for machine learning and deep learning, and with teams which will apply your work to self-driving cars, drones and computer vision. What you'll be doing: Developing new algorithms and prototyping them for deep learning training and inference Apply your algorithms to computer vision and autonomous machines Transfer your technology to other software groups and product teams Collaborating with DL & AI Researchers in leading universities and industrial research labs Publish your original research. Present to conferences and customers. What we need to see: You have a MS or PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Math, or related field. Excellent knowledge of Optimization, Machine Learning, or Computational statistics with 4 or more years of applicable work or research experience. Strong mathematical background, especially in the optimization theory, stochastic algorithms, and/or numerical methods with a passion for solving hard math problems Strong C++ and Python programming skills Previous experience in Reinforcement Learning, Robotics, or Computer vision Track record of research excellence or significant product development. Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic, product oriented, global team. Your history of mentoring junior engineers and interns is a huge plus. GPU computing is the most productive and pervasive platform for deep learning and AI. It begins with the most advanced GPUs and the systems and software we build on top of them. We integrate and optimize every deep learning framework. We work with the major systems companies and every major cloud service provider to make GPUs available in data centers and in the cloud. And we create computers and software to bring AI to edge devices, such as self- driving cars and autonomous robots With deep learning, we can teach AI to do almost anything. New internet services, like Google Assistant, have learned speech from sound and provide a more natural way to access information. Self-driving cars use deep learning to recognize the space the car inhabits, the lanes in which it drives, and the objects it needs to avoid. In healthcare, neural networks trained with millions of medical images can find clues in MRIs that until now could only be found through invasive biopsies. These are just a few examples. AI will spur a wave of social progress unmatched since the industrial revolution. NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of technology’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of identifying and optimizing the latest AI algorithms to help us grow into new and more pervasive verticals? If so, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
 Software Engineer - Deep Learning: Job Description “Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.” – Carl Sagan. We are building a nimble team of passionate people to explore the unknown and bring a concept into a product that will change the world for the better. We are starting from scratch, we are going to be scrappy, and we are going to focus on producing joyful moments for our customers (and for ourselves too!). We are going to apply the same principles that made Amazon great especially Customer Obsession, Think Big, and Invent and Simplify, to create a new type of interaction that is meaningful to our customers. We are looking for smart, passionate people who have a strong sense of ownership and strong engineering mindset. If you want your work to positively impact the lives of millions of people and you’re up for a challenge, let’s talk. As a founding member of the team, you will work alongside with product management, research, design, and engineering (EE/ME) to define and build the essential lovable product. This position requires deep customer focus, the ability to dive deep and invent, and the ability to make hard decisions fast. You will be responsible for creating reliable, scalable, and high performance products requires exceptional technical expertise - a sound understanding of the fundamentals of Computer Science, and practical experience building scalable software products is required. You will have significant influence on our overall strategy by helping define these product features, drive the system architecture, and spearhead the best practices that enable a quality product. We are looking for candidates who thrive in a fast-paced startup like environment. To be successful, you need to be highly motivated about new opportunities and detail oriented while showing highest standards of responsibilities and deliverables. Higher level openings available. Please see preferred qualifications. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years professional experience in software development 5+ years of experience in Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving and complexity analysis 5+ years of experience in at least, one modern programming language such as Java, Python or Scala. Preferred Qualifications Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers
Manager for Deep Learning Inference-Application Development: We are now looking for a Manager for Deep Learning Inference-Application Development: NVIDIA is expanding our Inference research & development software team, and we are currently seeking outstanding leaders to help us build and grow. Researchers around the world are using NVIDIA GPUs to power a revolution in Artificial Intelligence - come join our team and help us craft the GPU- accelerated software enabling these new solutions. You'll work as part of a dynamic customer oriented team and collaborate with the deep learning community to implement the latest algorithms for public release in TensorRT. This role offers you the opportunity to be a leader for TensorRT application development in Santa Clara. Our team uses Agile / Hybrid development methods and is shipping library updates for multiple hardware platforms and multiple operating systems. You will lead, contribute, and review the efforts of Framework parsers, Python APIs, plugin development and sample development for advance use cases. Your leadership will include communicating team status, collaboratively solving challenges, and coordinating with our international team. What you'll be doing: Manage a growing team to develop parsers for ingesting trained models from different frameworks. Responsible for plugin creation and engaging with open source community to evangelize their re-use. Plugins are integral to enabling wide variety of models to work with TensorRT. Drive sample creation of advance use cases based on usage of TensorRT. The samples would include whole pipeline including preprocessing, DL inferences using TensorRT and post processing if any. Lead Python interface development of TensorRT SW library. This would include sample development using easy to use Python APIs and abstraction packages like TRT lite. Collaborate with teams targeting cloud service providers, automotive, image and speech domains Occasionally travel to conferences and customers for technical consultation and training What we need to see: MS or PhD in engineering discipline (CE, CS&E, CS, ECE, AI) 5+ years of engineering work experience with at least 2 years of people and project management experience. You have a proven history of project management success, communicating project vision and goals and ensuring timely product achievements Software change management expertise (e.g. with tools like JIRA) Outstanding Python, C/C++ programming and software design skills. SW Agile skills are helpful Interest in artificial intelligence especially in areas of computer vision, recommender systems, automatic speech recognition, and neural machine translation Experience working with one of the deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Pytorch, Caffe2, MaxNet etc is a plus With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working with us and our engineering teams are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields: Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Autonomous Vehicles. Are you passionate about Machine / Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence? Do you have a real drive for building teams and product execution? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our DL Architecture team, where you can help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
Deep Learning Computer Architect: We are now looking for a Deep Learning Computer Architect: Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun. Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU deep learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human imagination, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, NVIDIA’s GPU runs deep learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human imagination and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and artificial intelligence come together in our architecture. Two modes of the human brain, two modes of the GPU. This may explain why NVIDIA GPUs are used broadly for deep learning, and NVIDIA is increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” Come, join our DL Architecture team and help build the real-time, cost- effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. What you'll be doing: As a member of our deep learning architecture team, you will contribute to features that help next-generation GPUs advance the state of AI. This position requires you to keep up with the latest DL research and collaborate with diverse teams (internal and external to NVIDIA), including DL researchers, hardware architects, and software engineers. Your day to day work will include analyzing the behavior of various deep learning methods, proposing new features to accelerate or enable various methods, and studying the benefits of the proposed features. What we need to see: An MS or PhD degree in computer science, computer architecture, electrical engineering or related field. A strong background in several of the relevant areas listed below can substitute for an advanced degree. 3+ years of relevant work experience in at least a few of the following relevant areas is required: Machine learning (with focus on Deep Neural Networks), including a solid understanding of DL fundamentals; Experience adapting and training DNNs for various tasks; Experience developing code for one or more of the DNN training frameworks (such as Caffe, TensorFlow or Torch) Numerical analysis Performance analysis and optimization Computer architecture Programming fluency with C++ and ideally Python A familiarity with GPU computing (CUDA, OpenCL, OpenACC) and HPC (MPI, OpenMP) is a plus NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. deeplearning
Product Management Intern - Paid: Software applications have been the 1 source of successful data breaches over the last 8 years and cost companies an average $7.2 million per breach and untold damage to their reputations. Contrast Security has built the only enterprise security product that knows where apps are weak and deploys adaptive defenses instantly. Our powerful and patented deep security instrumentation technology provides a fast, accurate and easy way to find and fix application vulnerabilities and block attacks instantly. Contrast’s agent easily installs onto any application server and finds vulnerabilities in less than 7 minutes without the need for security experts, static or dynamic scans. Our products are a perfect fit with Agile, DevOps and even waterfall methodologies, and work seamlessly on premise, in the cloud and in containers. Contrast’s revolutionary approach to enterprise application security has won numerous industry accolades, including: Gartner “Visionary” Magic Quadrant Placement Forrester Wave: Application Security “Leader” InformationWeek’s Dark Reading "20 Security Startups to Watch" 2015 2016 OWASP Benchmark Project Best-in-class 93% true accuracy rating 2016 Cyber Defense Magazine "Best-of-Breed" in Application Security Solution Job Focus Ask 50 people what a product manager is and you’ll get 50 different answers. At Contrast, our product managers are leaders who passionately seek to define and understand problems in the marketplace, and build creative solutions that delight customers. To make this happen, you’ll need to be able to translate your understanding of the marketplace into prioritized requirements to provide engineering the narrative to understand what we’re working to solve, and why we need to solve it. You’ll look at the solution as a whole, taking into consideration everything from overall user experience, all the way down to how information is stored in the database. You will need to translate what the product does into why customers should care and deliver that message to marketing and sales. And let’s do all this on a deadline while keeping the machine humming along. But let’s not kid ourselves, this a startup. You’ll be doing this and a whole lot more. If this sounds like the challenge you’ve been looking for, let’s talk. We’re always looking to add passionate, talented, motivated superstars to the Contrast family. This is a paid internship throughout the year. Role Responsibilities Market research – work with PMM and prospects to stay current on the latest needs in application security Synthesize requirements – gather requirements from a myriad of sources and manage a prioritized backlog Product design – work with UX and engineering teams to design features for development Customer advocacy – understand customer pain points and conceptualize ways we can help them Product Roadmap – curate and communicate the product roadmap to internal and external audiences Sales Enablement – provide training and positioning to sales for each Contrast release Competitive Analysis – research competitive solutions and train sales, marketing and engineering on the latest Release Management – make sure we get the product out, as defined, on time About You Masters, MBA or Graduate student preferred Able to work from our Los Altos, CA office at least 2-3 days per week in 2+ hour increments Familiarity with product marketing, product management, or corporate marketing roles & responsibilities Familiarity & interest in the following themes: cyber security, agile development, information security, Devops Excellent verbal and written communication skills Passion for learning & attention to detail We are changing the world of software security. _Do it with us._ We believe in what we do and are passionate about helping our customers secure their business. We work hard, and we have fun doing it. Solve the impossible. Easy = boring. If you’re looking for a fun work environment and like a challenge, you’ll love Contrast Security. By submitting your application, you are providing Personally Identifiable Information about yourself (cover letter, resume, references, or other employment-related information) and hereby give your consent for Contrast Security, and/ or our HR-related Service Providers, to use this information for the purpose of processing, evaluating and responding to your application for current and future career opportunities. Contrast Security is an equal opportunity employer and our team is comprised of individuals from many diverse backgrounds, lifestyles and locations.
 Executive Administrative Assistant: Are you a person who thrives in a dynamic organization where you can fully utilize your skills and experience? NVIDIA is the world leader in Visual Computing. We are passionate about four markets: Gaming, Automotive, Enterprise Graphics and HPC/Cloud Datacenters; in addition to our traditional OEM business. We are well positioned as the ‘AI Computing Company’, and our GPUs are the brains powering modern Deep Learning software frameworks, accelerated analytics, big data, modern data centers, smart cities, and driving autonomous vehicles. We are now looking for an experienced and reliable Executive Administrative Assistant to provide general administration and project management support to Executive Staff members and their respective teams. The ideal candidate is highly self-motivated, professional, and capable of managing their work and prioritizing tasks in rapidly changing environment. What you’ll be doing: In this role you will support 2 -3 Vice President level executives and their teams to: Schedule meetings & maintain calendars Act as the administrative point of contact between the executives and internal/external clients Balance multiple priorities and requests with appropriate attention to detail, follow up and confidentiality Work individually and with team members to plan and coordinate detailed logistics for events and conferences, including meetings with customers and partners involving webcasting and presentations Maintain an organized system of paper and electronic documents, contact lists, email, and phone records Provide travel itinerary and expense report support Manage and coordinate service contracts and invoices for a variety of functional groups Work on special projects as needed Maintain email aliases, org charts, invoice tracking, office supplies, etc. Plan, schedule and handle general meetings and celebrations Oversee space plans and facilities requirements Develop and sustain a level of teamwork and integrity among staff and clientele Provide support to executives outside of normal business hours as necessary What we need to see: BA degree or equivalent experience preferred 5 years of experience as an Executive Administrative Assistant reporting directly to senior management Strong organizational, project management and analytical skills with strong multi-tasking abilities Demonstrated ability to work productively in a dynamic high tech environment Advanced MS Office, Outlook and WebEx capability, including scheduling management for individuals and teams, building PowerPoint presentations, manipulating data in Excel, generating memoranda in Word, and preparing reports Professional level written and verbal communication skills Ability to handle sensitive information with appropriate confidentiality Be self-motivated, creative, flexible and use good judgement to accomplish tasks on schedule with minimal direction and supervision Be solution driven with a bias for action. Apply problem solving skills to work through conflict in an effective and professional manner to maintain productive working relationships Ability to work onsite at our Santa Clara headquarters campus Ways to stand out from the crowd: Experience using Workday We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're talented, bright, driven, and if working with smart technical people in a dynamic environment sounds interesting, this job is for you! NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
