Junior Data Scientist Apprenticeship: Job Description As a Junior Data Scientist at IBM, you will work as part of a team to solve business-related problems using data-driven techniques. You will apply the scientific method to business scenarios, clean and prepare data for statistical and machine learning modeling, work with a variety of analytical algorithms to build models that better explain data relationships and predict potential scenarios, translate data insights into business value, and communicate results to difference audiences. You will also master different technologies for model deployment. Throughout your apprenticeship, you’ll work closely with other experienced data scientists and mentors in an interactive, collaborative environment. You’ll learn the fundamentals of probability, statistics, linear algebra, data preparation, data modeling, and deployment of machine learning models. In addition, you will be introduced to additional concepts, skills and tools including Python, Hadoop, and Spark, presentation skills, communication skills, and you will apply these skills to prepare for and successfully obtain data science experience that may lead to certification as a Junior Data Scientist. IBM Certification as a Junior Data Scientist provides the credentials and career milestone that is earned through demonstrated usage of Data Science tools and methodology through case studies, business references and technical references. Our apprenticeship program will give you the opportunity to build your skills to grow your career as a Junior Data Scientist. What is an Apprenticeship? IBM Apprenticeship Program is an official registered apprenticeship recognized by the Department of Labor (DOL). Every graduate of a Registered Apprenticeship program receives a nationally-recognized credential from the DOL. During the apprenticeship duration, you will be required to complete specific learning hours and on the job training that has been outlined to ensure you are developing the skills and competencies essential to the role. You will be able to learn and grow at your own pace, but we expect most apprentices will complete their learning within 24 months. Once you graduate and receive your certificate from our apprentice program, you will be eligible to apply to available full-time roles at IBM. Who you are An apprenticeship is about learning. We’re seeking candidates who have the following requirements, but we know you’re just getting your career started, and we’re committed to helping you learn and grow. If you are a highly curious individual, with a passion for learning, and a love of mathematics and data, you’re exactly the type of candidate we’re looking for. Data scientists are inquisitive: exploring, asking questions, doing what if analysis, questioning existing assumptions and processes. They are analytically-minded, statistically and mathematically driven. To be successful, you need: Drive and eagerness to learn Strong problem solving, critical thinking, organization, and communication skills Ability to work independently and take initiative, as well as work collaboratively and contribute in a team environment as data science is a team sport Ability to think analytically in solving problems What’s the experience? As an apprentice, you'll join with other apprentices in a local cohort. You'll go through the program together, learning about IBM and the skills you'll be attaining throughout your apprenticeship. Then, you'll work with your managers and mentors to progress through your personal skills roadmap, learning and demonstrating new knowledge and competencies through hands-on application with your project teams. You'll complete milestones along the way, earning digital credentials to validate your skills, and will come back together with other apprentices to participate in on-going training and development focused on your professional and technical skills. Best of all, you are a contributing member of your team, putting forward ideas, taking on responsibilities and making choices about how you get the job done just like any other IBMer. ncappx TRAVEL OF 25% IS REQUIRED Required Technical and Professional Expertise Requirements: Willingness to complete the requirements of the apprenticeship program High School Diploma or GED Curiosity, Passion for learning, Love for math, data, and analysis Some knowledge or experience in ONE or more of the following: Java, JavaScript, PHP, C, Objective-C, C/C++, Python, Ruby and/or functional languages (Haskell, Scala, F, Clojure) Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Preferred: An undergraduate degree is not required, but students who have taken high school advanced math, and statistics classes are preferred Python Programming knowledge EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
HBO Data Scientist, Content Science: OVERALL SUMMARY As a Data Scientist on the Data Science Solutions team, this individual will be responsible for building advance data science and analytical solutions that help HBO better understand and grow its best in class television and film library. The data products this individual develops will have a wide impact across the business, from helping HBO audiences discover new content to finding new hit television shows. The Data Scientist will work closely with engineering teams to ensure that their products and insights are properly moved into a production environment, where they can be used by the wider analytics team to drive business strategies. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Lead the development of data science solutions that help HBO make smarter content decisions across development, scheduling, marketing, and digital platforms (including HBO NOW, HBO GO and HBO.com) Mine HBO and other third party data to better understand how consumers make their entertainment choices Work with engineering teams to transfer knowledge and processes into production environment REQUIREMENTS Bachelor Degree or MS in quantitative field of study (statistics, operations research etc.) from an accredited institution or extensive work experience Experience applying machine learning in a professional environment. Experience with neural networks, computer vision, or deep learning is a plus Strong background in analytic programming (R, Python) Strong desire to continue to learn and develop as a data scientist Proven technical abilities, but excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills Proven success when partnering with engineering and business teams Logical thinking ability Capability to work on multiple projects simultaneously with limited supervision 4+ years of relevant experience
 Junior Data Scientist: The Team: The Data science team is a newly formed applied research team within S&P; Global Ratings that will be responsible for building and executing a bold vision around using Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Data Science, knowledge engineering, and human computer interfaces for augmenting various business processes. The Impact: This role will have a significant impact on the success of our data science projects ranging from choosing which projects should be undertaken, to delivering highest quality solution, ultimately enabling our business processes and products with AI and Data Science solutions. What’s in it for you: This is a high visibility team with an opportunity to make a very meaningful impact on the future direction of the company. You will work with senior leaders in the organization to help define, build, and transform our business. You will work closely with other senior scientists to create state of the art Augmented Intelligence, Data Science and Machine Learning solutions. Responsibilities: As a Junior Data Scientist you will be responsible for building AI and Data Science models. You will need to rapidly prototype various algorithmic implementations and test their efficacy using appropriate experimental design and hypothesis validation. Basic Qualifications: BS in Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, or related field. Preferred Qualifications: Experience with Financial data sets, or S&P;’s credit ratings process is highly preferred. Knowledge and working experience in one or more of the following areas: Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Question Answering, Text Mining, Information Retrieval, Distributional Semantics, Data Science, Knowledge Engineering To all recruitment agencies: S&P; Global does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward such resumes to any S&P; Global employee, office location or website. S&P; Global will not be responsible for any fees related to such resumes. S&P; Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdfdescribes discrimination protections under federal law.
Jr Data Scientist: We now have a need for junior Data Scientist(s) in the NY area (or remote). The successful candidate will join a team who is responsible for maintaining the competitiveness of our client's predictive models. As well as contributing to the R&D agenda, the role will involve working closely with a variety of internal stakeholders, ensuring the alignment of priorities and maximising the usage of our insights. Skills & Experience required Exceptional numerical ability and creative thinker/problem solver. Experience using some of the major data science tools e.g. Python (preferable), and/or R Organized, autonomous, and a drive / commitment Excellent interpersonal skills: the candidate would be expected to work across and between existing teams. Strong communication and presentation skills, including the ability to translate analyses to non-technical audiences. Desirable Skills Proficiency in statistical modelling and machine learning techniques e.g. k-means, decision trees, neural networks, ensemble learning, etc. Good working knowledge of PostgreSQL and understanding of data modelling and relational databases. Experience of machine learning libraries e.g. scikit-learn, Tensor Flow. Experience in feature engineering and designing robust model tuning approaches.
 Data Scientist, Premium Content: Do you want to help guide the core business of Spotify using insights from analyses and data? The mission of our Premium Analytics Team is to bring Spotify Premium to more users across the globe and to constantly evolve and improve our offering. In this role you will be an essential partner with the Consumer Subscription team, discovering new ways to leverage content marketing and offerings to guide the growth and direction of Spotify Premium. At your fingertips you’ll have access to petabytes of data, and will get the opportunity to be creative with how you drive insights from that. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. You will work with a global team of world-class analysts, data scientists, marketers, business managers and engineers. We are all passionate about what we do, and move forward with high impact projects at a high pace. Learning and improving is part of our daily routine, and you will be free to develop your own skills and ways of working. What you’ll do Drive business decisions and help tailor our offerings by synthesizing insights and recommendations from troves of data. Work with business stakeholders to understand the change they are driving and help them discover new opportunities to grow. Design and automate pipelines, experiments, dashboards, and models to ensure quick delivery of key insights. Be an expert and sounding board for our business managers and partners. Who are you You are intellectually curious, creative, and diligent…you enjoy thinking about the business impact of your work as much as the data. Have professional experience with data science techniques such as experimentation, content valuation, user segmentation, churn analysis, and/or optimization. You have 3-5 years of hands-on experience synthesizing insights from data using tools such as Python, SQL, R. Experience with distributed systems (Redshift, Hadoop, BigQuery) a plus. You have studied Economics, Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering or a relevant field. We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music. Spotify \- 1 day ago \- save job \- [original job](https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a0f5f0cfbe59a5d4&from=vj&pos=top) [Apply Now](https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a0f5f0cfbe59a5d4&from=vj&pos=bottom) [Apply On Company Site](https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=a0f5f0cfbe59a5d4&from=vj&pos=bottom) Save this job
 Data Scientist: The Mayor's Office of Data Analytics (MODA) is New York City's ideas incubator for operational analytics. MODA collaborates with City agencies to deliver measurable improvements to City services. The work touches virtually every urban issue, including safety, physical infrastructure, economic development, social services, and quality of life. Depending on the needs of the City in different situations, MODA plays the role of strategic advisor, analyst, technical resource, and data advocate to a host of internal and external clients and partners. The successful candidate will serve as a Data Scientist reporting to the Mayor's Office of Data Analytics (MODA). The mission of MODA is to deliver actionable insight and quantitative support to New York City through data analytics. Responsibilities will include: but will typically entail producing quantitative analysis to support on-going projects, agency- specific pilot programs, requests from senior City officials, and other duties as assigned by the Chief Analytics Officer; manipulate and analyze technical data from city agencies in order to predict outcomes and prioritize inspection and audit resources; apply statistical and data mining techniques to conduct fraud detection, trend analysis, and predictive analytics using acquired data; collaborate with team members to develop novel strategies for technical analysis; develop detailed methodologies in order to allow successful projects to be transferred and automated by client agencies; and create and present compelling reports to stakeholders based upon project findings and methods; and perform special projects and initiatives as assigned. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and two years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties described above; or 2. High school graduation or equivalent and six years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties as described above; or 3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least one year of experience as described in "1" above. Preferred Skills The successful candidate should possess the following: Strong quantitative and problem-solving skills; experience with empirical methods and data analytics including working with large, complex micro - data sets, building applied statistics or econometrics models, and/or conducting research; ability to problem solve, while balancing competing priorities, complex situations and tight deadlines; ability to think outside of the box and develop novel strategies for analysis; ability to distill complex material into actionable recommendations; excellent written and oral communication skills; energetic and resourceful, organized and results-oriented; self-starter and team player; comfortable interfacing with senior management and stakeholders; proficiency in SAS, STATA, SQL, R, SPSS (and/or other statistical software), ArcGIS (or other GIS programs), Python or other programming languages; interest in New York City policy and operations. To Apply For City employees, please go to Employee Self Service (ESS), click on Recruiting Activities > Careers, and search for Job ID 340645For all other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/jobs/search and search for Job ID 340645-or-If you do not have access to a computer, please mail resume indicating Job ID to: Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DoITT)Recruitment Office - 2 Metrotech Center - 4th Floor - Brooklyn, NY 11201SUBMISSION OF A RESUME IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE AN INTERVIEWAPPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHTAPPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OVERSIGHT APPROVALDoITT Participates in E-Verify Hours/Shift Day Work Location New York, NY Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
Customer Data Scientist: Smartly.io is a fast-growing company aiming to be the best and nicest place for the most talented people to work and learn. We are building an automation and optimisation tool for the largest advertisers globally, including eBay, Skyscanner, Zalora, Nelly, Boozt and Foodpanda. Based in Helsinki, Berlin, San Francisco, New York, Singapore and Buenos Aires, we're looking for individuals with hunger for learning and life to join our world-class team! We are looking for a customer-facing data scientist who enjoys analyzing complex systems and can communicate findings to customers and partners clearly and concisely. Your role is essential in making sure we can systematically improve optimization across customers. At Smartly.io, you would work with our global team of Customer Data Scientists based in our major offices (Helsinki, New York, San Francisco and Singapore) to analyze, validate, and test digital marketing best practices. You will meet the most advanced and technical marketers in the industry, and help them take their marketing – and the whole industry – to the next level. In addition, you will teach everyone around you about how online marketing works and elevate the whole company as a thought leader within the market. You will be working closely together with both software developers and sales. As Customer Data Scientist you will Analyze data to figure out what works and, more importantly, why it works Drive to be the best in the world at optimizing digital advertising (beginning with Facebook, but across channels later) Have close collaboration with product development and bring your learnings directly to our product Help with innovating, testing and prototyping new optimization features Be part in making Smartly.io the thought leader within the market. You will be blogging about your analysis, creating benchmark reports and speaking at events What we are looking for Mathematical-analytical mindset Ability and willingness to become a digital marketing optimization expert Ability to collect and join data from various APIs and databases Scripting skills to create and share your tools for data analysis Ability and willingness to work in a client-facing role. Previous experience in account management, sales, project management or technical copywriting is a plus Benefits Work with the nicest and brightest teammates in a flat organisation Have a competitive salary + option plan Recharge yourself with full 5 weeks of paid annual leave Enjoy weekly breakfasts, Friday demos with beer and monthly sports with the team Who we are Smartly.io is a fast-growing team of 200+ Humble Hungry Hunters. We are building a B2B SaaS tool to fully automate and optimize online marketing at scale for the largest advertisers across the globe. We are a global company with 36 nationalities and footholds in 17 cities, serving 600+ customers across the globe, including eBay, Uber and TechStyle. We are on a mission to make online advertising easy, efficient, and enjoyable across all major platforms. Easy as in automated, efficient as in constantly driving performance, and enjoyable through the best user experience and service in the market. We do this by combining creative automation, ad operations, and outstanding customer service to help brands scale their results – not headcount. Great people choose us and stay with us because they like our company culture and how we tackle challenges of huge scale at speed. Learn more about how we work at smartly.io/culturehandbook.
Data Analyst / Data Scientist: We have a client that is looking for a data scientist to add to its team. This position is for a Fortune 50 company that is based in Philadelphia. This is not a remote position. Expertise in SQL Development. Call Center or Customer care data experience a plus. Must be able to write SQL queries and must have experience with data extraction and ETL. Experience with Teradata and SQL Server Databases R Studio and Python scripting is a plus. Communication and presentation skills are a must as you will have to present to key stakeholders. Tableau analysis and dashboard development is required.
Data Scientist: Marketing Statement MetroPlus Health Plan provides the highest quality healthcare services to residents of Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island through a comprehensive list of products, including, but not limited to, New York State Medicaid Managed Care, Medicare, Child Health Plus, Exchange, Partnership in Care, MetroPlus Gold, Essential Plan, etc. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of NYC Health + Hospitals, the largest public health system in the United States, MetroPlus’ network includes over 27,000 primary care providers, specialists and participating clinics. For more than 30 years, MetroPlus has been committed to building strong relationships with its members and providers to enable New Yorkers to live their healthiest life. Position Overview The Data Scientist will be tasked with leading data science projects to discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better care to our members. The primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems to integrate with our products. The Data Scientist will be responsible for jobs that span three domains of skills: statistical/mathematical reasoning, business communication/leadership, and programming. Teamwork is essential as this role requires collaborating with various subject matter experts, management, and other industry leaders. This position requires an analytical-minded individual with experience in healthcare and enjoys working in a fast-paced, challenging, but rewarding environment. Job Description Solve business problems, and find patterns and insights within structured and unstructured data Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis Use algorithms and programming to efficiently go through large datasets and apply treatments, filters and conditions to the data. Create meaningful data visualizations to communicate findings and relate them back to how they create business impact. Collaborate with departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers Communicate, as needed, with the NYS or city Departments of Health on relevant analyses Use programming expertise, such as SAS, SQL, and Crystal Reports, to develop and maintain reports Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends Perform other duties as required Minimum Qualifications 5+ years’ practical experience with SAS, ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis and skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.) Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills Experience with data visualization tools Good scripting and programming skills Great communication skills Bachelor’s degree preferred Strong understanding of Quality, Care and Utilization Management and Measurement reporting Experience with HEDIS, QARR, Medicare Stars preferred Knowledge of medical coding Professional Competencies Integrity and Trust Customer Focus Functional/Technical skills Written/Oral Communication How To Apply If you wish to apply for this position, please apply online by clicking the "Apply Now" button or forward your resume, noting the above Job ID , to: MetroPlus Health Plan Human Resources Department 160 Water Street 8th Floor New York, NY 10038 Attn: Recruitment Unit This is position is classified as a managerial title, in addition to a variety options for Health Benefits through MetroPlus, managerial employees receive vision, dental, gym reimbursement and life insurance benefits through the Management Benefits fund of the City of New York. Please view the benefits page for more detailed information.
 Junior Data Scientist: Job Description: Junior Data Scientist, Membership Analytics Job Description: We are looking for a junior data scientist to join The Wall Street Journal’s membership analytics team. The Wall Street Journal’s mission is to present factual, fair information that offers both nuance and balance to readers—we believe markets, economics, and business are the forces that animate our world, the jobs we have, and the products we buy. Our membership analytics team is committed to supporting great business journalism through the improvement of our products and the growth of our subscription business. We obsess over building best-in-class data products, that bring applied research methods to all stages of the customer lifecycle. This includes developing innovative modeling approaches to inform product decisions and member engagement strategies. This role will require exceptional visualization and data wrangling skills—as well as an obsession with great news products. Some background in machine learning applications, big data architecture, and ecommerce analytics is a plus. You will assist in the management and execution of large scale data projects and support daily reporting on both our business and our journalism. What you’ll do: Source and query data required for both ongoing business intelligence efforts and larger scale data science projects. Draw meaningful insights from large datasets—find creative ways those insights can be used to both sell subscriptions and make the experience of reading The Wall Street Journal better. Assist in the management of long-term data projects. Effectively communicate with business, product, and newsroom stakeholders, identifying requirements and developing success metrics for the development and deployment of machine learning applications. Use visualization tools to present complex data in a simple, engaging manner. Identify opportunities for new data projects. Ask smart questions, diagnose the real problem, and develop a long-term solution. Requirements: You have a bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, mathematics, statistics, or a related quantitative discipline. Applicants with some data-related expertise and a professional background in media are also encouraged to apply. 1-2 years professional experience at a media company is preferred. An enthusiasm for The Wall Street Journal and an understanding of the product is a must. You have an entrepreneurial attitude toward work and sweat the details. You have experience using analytics tools (SQL, Tableau, Excel) and an interest in more advanced topics in analytics (machine learning, artificial intelligence). Coding skills (i.e. R, Python) and experience in building web applications is a plus. Dow Jones , Making Careers Newsworthy All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets . Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, please reach out to us at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com . Please put “Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line. Business Area: WSJ - CUSTOMER GROUP About Us Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the world’s largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (NASDAQ: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV). If you require assistance in completing the online application, please contact the Talent Management team for Application Help at TalentResourceTeam@dowjones.com Job _Req_ 12873
Data Scientist: About Narrativ Narrativ [https://narrativ.com/] is a NYC-based, NEA-backed tech startup that is building a better internet for shoppers. We do this with machine learning technology that rewires links at massive scale so that: Advertisers unlock a $25B monopoly by converting Amazon’s static link empire into a competitive CPC marketplace Publishers get paid like Google rather than like a coupon site. Narrativ boosts yield 4X on link inventory with competitive bidding in content. Consumers find what they want at the best prices online and will never land on an out of stock or 404 page. With more than one billion links rewired, Narrativ partners include Conde Nast, New York Magazine, Ulta Beauty and Nordstrom. We launched out of stealth in August 2017 and are on pace to deliver $600M in advertiser revenue in 2018. In June 2018, The World Economic Forum honored Narrativ as a Technology Pioneer for our commitment to digital sustainability. The Job Narrativ is looking to hire a data scientist whose work will improve the products and technology solutions that continue to drive higher revenues for our partners and make it easier for consumers to find the best products at the best prices. As a technology company that powers more efficient advertising and marketing, we collect large amounts of data. We feed this into our real time bidding system and use it to match products across retailers so that our users have seamless shopping experiences online. In this role, you will be expected to explore the data we have collected, present key findings about the data to relevant stakeholders, develop models that explain trends in the data, and help use those models to build new features into our products. You will be our first data scientist, so you’ll have the opportunity to help define what that role looks like in a tight and talented team. Core Responsibilities Include: Explore and visualize clickstream and product data Develop models and theories to explain trends in the data Design and execute experiments to question assumptions and validate theories Clean, analyze, and select data to achieve project goals Build production systems using modeling or machine learning to exploit data trends and track impact over time; ability to accurately determine cause & effect relationships Present clear proposals and results that combine data and actionable solutions Ensure data quality through the processes of sourcing, collecting, normalizing, transforming and aligning/mapping through all stages of data acquisition. Collaborate with colleagues on the engineering and business teams to improve our data querying infrastructure for both off and online use cases. Requirements Relevant degree with academic experience in high level math or statistics. Proven track record of data dives that discover hidden patterns or enable error/deviation analysis a huge plus. 5+ years experience using various machine learning techniques to model large data sets and knowledge of the parameters that affect their performance Proficiency in command line usage and Python to implement models Ability to work independently on data exploration and visualization tasks Motivation to achieve results in a dynamic, fast-paced environment Exceptional level of organization and strong attention to detail Why Narrativ? We offer incredibly competitive salaries and cover 100% of health, dental and vision. We are challenging monopolies and architecting a new business model for media- the work you do here will have meaning We are a profitable company that is growing rapidly without throwing cash out the window. We have weekly happy hours, monthly company outings and our Slack meme game is the best in the business We are committed to making a societal impact by building sustainable technology to EndThe404 [https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2018/06/end-the-404-broken-links-rotting-web] and open-sourcing many of our projects to contribute to the broader digital community.
Geospatial Data Scientist: NYC Department of Finance (DOF) is responsible for administering the tax revenue laws of the city fairly, efficiently, and transparently to instill public confidence and encourage compliance while providing exceptional customer service.Property Valuation & Tax Mapping is responsible for the valuation of more than one million properties in the City of New York and overseeing assessments and valuations in a fair and equitable manner as part of the City?s real property tax system. The valuations enable the efficient and effective collection of the majority of revenues for the City of New York. The City of New York recently contracted for image captures which includes delivery of aerial and street level LiDAR data. The Property Valuation & Mapping Unit is seeking a Geospatial Data Scientist to provide imagery processing specifically related to the exploitation of LiDAR and imagery data. This individual will extract building features from aerial and street level LiDAR data for the purpose of detecting change or violations from code, and automate the process to produce lists for inspection. The goal is to use LiDAR technology, combined with multi-source databases, to assist in resolving workload issues by providing data-driven intelligence. Additionally, this person will be responsible for identifying new tools, techniques, and processes to transform geospatial information in order to improve and streamline our workflows. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following: LiDAR feature extraction as identified from images and associated data Use software to assess, integrate, manipulate, exploit, extract and analyze digital imagery, geospatial databases, and various databases Use remote sensing, spatial analysis, and GIS tools and skills to construct multi- source geospatial intelligent databases to guide policy Generate 3D buildings and 3D modeling variables Use statistical software to analyze geospatial data merged with other databases. Provide maintenance, review and quality control of geospatial data. Perform geocoding and digitizing data. Perform special projects and initiatives as assigned. Minimum Qual Requirements 1\. For Assignment Level I (only physical, biological and environmental sciences and public health) A master's degree from an accredited college or university with a specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological or environmental science or in public health. To be appointed to Assignment Level II and above, candidates must have: 1. A doctorate degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and one year of full-time experience in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization; or 2. A master's degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and three years of responsible full-time research experience in the appropriate field of specialization; or 3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least a master's degree in an appropriate field of specialization and at least two years of experience described in "2" above. Two years as a City Research Scientist Level I can be substituted for the experience required in "1" and "2" above. NOTE: Probationary Period Appointments to this position are subject to a minimum probationary period of one year. Preferred Skills The preferred candidate will have: A minimum of3 years of experience and a Masters in geography/GIS, image science, remote sensing, or similar engineering/science field. Demonstrated experience in applied image processing and scientific analysis of LIDAR imagery, knowledge of image formation, remote sensing and photogrammetry. Knowledge of commercial imagery data, products, processes, and sensors. Experience with 3D GIS. Ability to communicate effectively in writing and oral presentations, complete task in a timely manner with minimal supervision, and the ability to work cooperatively and effectively as a team member. Proficiency using image processing software and knowledge of programming languages such as R and Python. Familiarity with commercial data sources and integration into ArcGIS. Experience utilizing large data sets from a database or a cloud environment. Additional Information In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. To Apply Click the "Apply Now" button.While we appreciate every applicant's interest, only those under consideration will be contacted. Hours/Shift Unless otherwise indicated, all positions require a five-day workweek. Work Location 66 John Street, New York, NY(Current location but could be subject to change) Residency Requirement New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
Associate Data Scientist: Overview: Alliant is seeking an Associate Data Scientist to join its Data Science team to build predictive models and perform customer segmentation. The ideal candidate will be data-curious and motivated to be a contributing member of a team focused on delivering profit-building solutions to direct and interactive marketers. The successful candidate will have experience building regression models with online and offline data. Additionally, candidates should be familiar with SAS programming, large-scale databases, PC software and data processing. This position will report to the Vice President of Data Science. Principle Responsibilities: Build predictive models to meet business requirements of the direct and digital marketers Conduct ad hoc analyses to identify changes, counts and trends in marketing data Produce analyses to compare, validate and improve modeling solutions Evaluate third party data Create novel solutions and products for online and offline marketers Key Skills and Background: Graduate degree or related coursework in Data Mining, Statistics, Operations Research or similar field required 1+ years’ experience building predictive models Entry-level experience programming in SAS (Base, STAT and some Macro; or Visual Analytics and Visual Statistics) Advanced Microsoft Excel knowledge and an overall keen understanding of technology Must have experience with large scale database, Unix, R or Python Must have strong quantitative/analytical skills and extensive attention to detail Excellent oral and written communication skills Direct and Digital Marketing Industry experience a plus Knowledge of Linux, Hadoop and SQL a plus Must be flexible, detailed, team-oriented, able to work independently as needed and committed to having a good time while doing a great job
Data Scientist: _Position Mission/Summary:_ Looking for opportunities to use cutting edge technologies analyzing petabytes of data in a world class Hadoop cluster, generating insights to guide consumers in their journey to wellness and help them achieve their health ambitions, whether it’s running the Inca Trail Marathon or playing tackle football with their grandkids ? Aetna’s Member Analytics team is focused on delivering strategically-impactful programs and tools to help members across all life stages feel the joy of achieving their best health, in their own way. This position will work within a cross-functional team, delivering predictive analytics solutions to drive customer engagement and next-best-action, and improve customer experience across critical journeys, e.g., onboarding, breast cancer, maternity. The candidate will be responsible for extracting and manipulating data from multiple, large data sources and using the data to deliver predictive models and solutions to drive member behavior and experience across channels (mobile app, web, email, social, call center, Apple watch) _Fundamental Components:_ Develops and/or uses advanced algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes Uses strong programming skills to explore, analyze and interpret large volumes of data in various forms, and solve complex business problems Supports experimental design of campaigns across multiple channels, i.e., web, mobile app, email, social, Apple watch, in partnership with marketing stakeholders. Evaluates campaign performance for further optimization in subsequent iterations Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to peers, managers, and business partners _BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE_ 2-3 years of progressively complex related experience Demonstrates proficiency in most areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and in-depth specialization in some areas. Expertise in using R or Python to manipulate large data sets and develop statistical models Expertise in data management in an Hadoop environment, including use of Hive Excellent problem solving skills, critical thinking and conceptual thinking abilities Strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners Some knowledge of health care industry preferred EDUCATION The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Master's degree. ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
 Data Scientist: Overview: Alliant is seeking a Data Scientist to join its Data Science team to build predictive models and perform customer segmentation. The ideal candidate will be data-curious and willing to participate on a team driven to provide direct and digital marketing clients with innovative, profit-building solutions. The successful candidate will have a wide-range of experience building regression models and presenting the results to marketing teams and senior management. Additionally, candidates should be familiar with SAS programming, large-scale databases, PC software, web analytics and database manipulation. This position will report to the Vice President of Data Science and become a key contributor to a skilled predictive modeling and analytics team. Principle Responsibilities: Build predictive models to meet business requirements of the direct and digital marketers Conduct ad hoc analyses to identify changes, counts and trends in marketing data Produce analyses to compare, validate and improve modeling solutions Evaluate third party data Create novel solutions and products for online and offline marketers Key Skills and Background: Graduate degree in Statistics, Data Mining, Operations Research or related field 5+ years’ experience building predictive models Extensive experience programming in SAS (Base, STAT and some Macro; or Visual Analytics and Visual Statistics) Advanced Microsoft Excel knowledge and an overall keen understanding of technology Must have experience with large scale database, Unix, R or Python Must have strong quantitative/analytical skills and extensive attention to detail Excellent oral and written communication skills Direct and Digital Marketing Industry experience a plus Knowledge of Linux, Hadoop and SQL a plus Must be flexible, detailed, team-oriented, able to work independently as needed and committed to having a good time while doing a great job
Data Scientist: Join Sweeten, a fast growing, award-winning tech company based in New York City and founded by trained architects. We're a team of super ambitious and fun people who are fascinated by construction, design, and tech—and we're building the go-to marketplace for major renovations. As Sweeten’s first data scientist, you will chart the course for our data infrastructure and drive insights that lead to step-function improvements in how we connect renovators to construction professionals who are the best fit for each job. In this role, you will design and apply statistical models, build mission-critical dashboards, and help structure and order our data pipelines to enable machine learning at scale. Renovating is a complex undertaking. Our ideal candidate thrives in a collaborative, fluid environment and is comfortable learning new skills and working with unfamiliar technologies. We are looking for someone who loves to design technology that elegantly solves complex business problems and wants to apply their talents at a company that values creativity and problem-solving. We believe in our general contractors and we’re investing in their potential with world-class tools to help them get more renovation work done more successfully. Our data scientist will also serve our internal teams with information and resources that help us all get great work done at increasing scale. Sweeten’s tech is ultimately people-focused, and we’re looking for a new team member who wants to be a part of this picture. RESPONSIBILITIES Set up, maintain, and scale our data analytics infrastructure. Work closely with product, marketing, and sales teams to develop new and improved platform products. Build interactive dashboards that guide day-to-day operations, planning, and strategic decision-making. Build machine-learning models that power core operations, such as matching algorithms and lead quality assessment. Translate business constraints and product management queries into data science questions and experimental design. Consider ways we can test, track, measure, and optimize across systems. Innovate fearlessly while looking for ways to keep things simple. Requirements 1-3+ years of industry experience in data-science broadly skills as a full-stack data scientist; equally proficient in software development, machine learning, big data, and visualization strong Python / Pandas skills proficiency in SQL experience with Git, Heroku, AWS pacesetter who wants to set the standard, self-directed, organized, and committed to innovation passion for or interest in learning about design, real estate, and renovation a relentless drive and a collaborative spirit knowledge of statistics (clustering, regression, etc.) and experimental design a plus experience working with deep learning / neural network models (using TensorFlow, Keras) a plus experience with Docker, Dash, Plotly or other analytical web applications a plus Benefits We offer competitive compensation, exciting growth opportunities, fully-funded health plans, 401(k) options, fly Sweeten swag (all designed in-house), and weekly catered team lunches. Sweeten deeply values diversity and individuality, and is committed to creating a work environment where creativity, ideas, interests, and varied perspectives are valued and central to the success of our team. If you're interested in joining our team, we encourage you to apply! Be sure to include a cover letter that lets us know why this position sounds like a great fit for you and how you’ll succeed at Sweeten.
Data Scientist, Patient Messaging: \--------- The Role: \--------- Phreesia’s patient messaging platform delivers targeted and meaningful digital messaging to tens of millions of patients each year. We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our growing Analytics Team; someone who is smart, eager to learn, and has extraordinary analytical and technical skills. You will be joining a team of especially smart, humorous, quick-witted, and dedicated coworkers, all passionate about data and healthcare. You’ll be responsible for modeling and understanding the makeup of our patient population, determining and optimizing our message targeting, and building the analytics frameworks for measuring the effectiveness of our campaigns. You will create the analytical frameworks we use to optimize our patient message targeting, forecasting, and sales. You will be responsible for modeling and understanding the makeup of our patient population, devising the optimal targeting strategies, and helping to measure and report on the effectiveness of our campaigns. Above all else, you should love solving problems and be committed to continual improvement. \--------- You will: \--------- Create and optimize message targeting strategies Investigate methods to efficiently classify and characterize patients Configure and optimize our message delivery systems Model and forecast patient messaging inventory Create and improve internal reporting systems Aid in discovering valuable insights for our clients Manage various aspects of configuration, deployment, and testing for messaging products Identify and diagnose issues with message delivery Provide monthly reporting to key partners internally and externally \------------------- What you will need: \------------------- Bachelor’s degree or higher in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics or a related technical field Superior analytical and problem-solving abilities Strong SQL skills & python skills Attention to details Ability to organize and present complex data in a way that tells a compelling story and drives decision making Keen intuition about data analysis, the ability to distinguish what matters from what doesn't, and a thorough understanding of the ways in which data can mislead Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal Comfort working on complex partially defined problem with limited guidance Bonus points for healthcare experience and a basic understanding of clinical terms Experience in digital media a plus Experience with Apache Spark a plus We strive to provide a diverse and inclusive environment and are an equal opportunity employer.
 Distinguished Data Scientist: As a Distinguished Data Scientist, you will provide data science and machine learning leadership to guide our technology direction and product vision and achieve tactical and strategic business objectives. Additionally, you will be a mentor to our other data science team members who will be looking up to you for technical and thought leadership. You will be a key member of the Data Services team, reporting to VP of Data Services. You will not only be expected to develop models; but come up with what questions need to be asked and problems need to be resolved. This requires a very deep knowledge of data science models and machine learning algorithms and implementations. We don’t just want someone who exudes enthusiasm and is totally personable, but who can extract patterns and generate hypotheses from large and discrete data sets to drive our analytic efforts. A knowledge of hospitality business will be immensely helpful; but not a constraint for you with all the technical acumen. You can report to either our Norwalk, CT headquarters or our Manhattan office. 401 Information Systems Mgmt: Provides leadership for those involved in the development, design and optimization of one or more information technology and systems functions supporting company business processes and technical information systems platforms. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, analysis, selection and modification of enterprise systems, application software, installation of network hardware/software and database management. Provides direction for the effort required to protect the company’s data, tools and information systems. Ensures infrastructure architecture standards maximize efficiency and support platform compatibility. Usually requires subject matter knowledge of user group for practical application of system characteristics. Coordinates delivery of services to user groups and ensures IT service is uninterrupted. Selects, develops, and evaluates personnel to ensure the efficient operation of the function. Survey Tip: Typically focused on internal IT service delivery for employees, but may have an external client focus if involved with company-hosted, web-enabled, or outsourced solutions delivery. You Must Have: Passion for innovation and excellence in data science and machine learning area Advanced degree in Statistics or related quantitative discipline 10+ years experience in statistical methodology, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining, text mining and other analytics 5+ years in various models and techniques in machine learning Ability to explain the outcomes of the models in plain English Strong experience automating and scheduling the complete model development process Experience with data flows at extremely high volumes (Petabyte scale) Strong command over Python or R; preferably both. Strong SQL and scripting skills Good understanding of back-end software engineering concepts Experience with the most common NoSQL data stores Leading by example, provide direction
 Data Scientist: Overview Data & Analysis – Data Scientist Digitas is a highly-caffeinated playground where brilliant minds come together to bring bold, award-winning ideas to life. The Data & Analysis team uses data-driven insights to fuel strategic growth for clients. We believe that data should never exist in a vacuum; instead, it should be put to work to bring the best ideas and stories to our clients. Digitas Data Science practice sits within our DNA (Data & Analysis) capability, and develops industry-leading analytical solutions for clients across industries, channels and business functions. We apply a bespoke and cutting-edge arsenal of statistical, analytical and computing techniques to complex data problems at scale, with an emphasis on game-changing—and measureable—business impact. We work in close collaboration with colleagues across all agency disciplines to develop truly innovative, highly effective, data-powered solutions for our clients. To help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Data Scientist – an intellectually curious and creative problem solver who is willing to tackle the familiar and unfamiliar of all things data, including methods, technologies and applications. Sound like you? Read on. What you’ll do: Our Data Scientists deliver analytic solutions across a wide variety of client applications. We build inferential and predictive models, including machine learning algorithms and AI; we process, integrate and manipulate big data with distributed systems and customer data pipelines; we synthesize results and translate findings into compelling stories that resonate with clients. As a Data Scientist, you’ll address complex marketing and business challenges—from cross-channel media and customer experience optimization to segmentation, targeting and business strategy—by accessing, integrating, manipulating, mining and modeling a wide array of data sources. Day-to-day, your role includes: Translating marketing and business questions into data queries. Using distributed computing systems to access and manipulate big data sources. Conducting exploratory analysis to identify relevant insights and useful transformations. Applying quantitative techniques to uncover latent patterns in the data. Interpreting data, analytical results and visuals to generate conclusions and recommendations. Testing scalable data pipelines or models for real-time applications. Ensuring that analytic tasks and results meet established objectives and timelines. Sharing knowledge and conducting research to advance the collective knowledge and skills of our Data Science practice. We’re looking for relevant academic, research or work experience, which typically includes: A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research, data science, computer science, engineering, marketing or social science methods. Hands-on experience analyzing data for patterns and insights. Hands-on experience running basic statistical or machine learning procedures, such as descriptive statistics, hypothesis testing, supervised or unsupervised learning. Hands-on experience with Python or R. Familiarity with SQL, Linux, and/or distributed computing systems such as Hadoop or AWS preferred. Demonstrated interest in marketing analytic applications. Demonstrated self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment with flat structure. Got what it takes? We’d love to hear from you. Digitas is an equal opportunity employer.
 Data Scientist/ Researcher: As the Data Scientist with the Market Intelligence team, you will support a team of researchers testing investment theses using alternative data and building systematic models to execute on the results of that research. Market Intelligence is shaping Point72 for the future by combining the most innovative data sources, analysis, and investment tools with the Firm’s traditional strengths at deep fundamental analysis of how companies and industries operate. Market Intelligence finds, tests, analyzes, and models alternative data; conducts deep fundamental research; and helps our investment teams generate alpha-producing ideas using our data and research. We produce investment insights by using machine learning techniques, fundamental company analysis, macro and sell-side research, and quantitative methodologies. What you’ll do Testing research hypotheses and assumptions of researchers by pulling all the necessary data from disparate sources and designing and validating models that transform that data into actionable insights Identifying and deploying statistical, machine learning, and deep learning methods that strike the right balance between predictive power and robustness Writing efficient, modular, and dependable code, packages, libraries, and scripts Iterating quickly to test the additive impact of new data and research findings on alpha generation Documenting all work extensively and training teammates on use of work products (e.g., custom Python libraries or R packages) Collaborating regularly with firm’s “Big Data” group (Point72 Aperio) and other firm resources Staying abreast of new research What’s required PhD. (preferred) or MS in a technical field with an applied or experimental component 3+ years of experience in a relevant field researching real-world data problems (though not necessarily in finance) Extensive experience developing algorithms and production-grade code Strong programming skills in Python and SQL/NoSQL plus experience with a compiled programming language Strong written and verbal communication skills and proven ability to collaborate with others We take care of our people We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide: Fully-paid health care benefits Generous parental and family leave policies Mental and physical wellness programs Tuition assistance A 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more About Point72 Point72 is a global asset management firm led by Steven Cohen that uses Discretionary Long/Short, Macro, and Systematic strategies to invest in eight offices across the globe. We look for people who want to build a career with us – people who want to innovate, experiment, and be the best at what they do – while adhering to the highest ethical standards.
Data Scientist: Data science is the core around which Custora is built. The central value proposition of our product is that we provide e-commerce businesses the ability to: organize the overwhelming amount of data they deal with analyze it for patterns and predictions deliver these insights in a readily accessible, freely explorable way and do it again, repeatedly and reliably, as more data comes in the door The data science team at Custora can be found hard at work at each step above. Our projects range from the development and refinement of statistical models, to the design and implementation of scalable back-end infrastructure that powers our analyses, to collaboration with other teams at Custora to make sure customers get the most out of our analyses. We place particular emphasis on providing a robust _system_ of statistical insights. Our goal is not to deliver a single paper or presentation’s worth of material, but to give our customers a powerful analytical toolbox. We can help them use it, but we also want them to be able to take it and run with it, exploring their data on their own and finding uses for our models that we hadn’t even thought of. On top of that, we have an expanding customer base and a growing interest in developing analyses and statistical modeling pipelines that extend beyond e-commerce. With more customers, richer data sets, and new domains of exploration, we’ll face bigger and bigger challenges, but we think we’re up for it, and we are looking for people who want to join us for the ride. Specifically, we are looking for: A solid foundation in statistics, either demonstrated through academic study or work experience. Experience with at least two programming languages and one general-purpose statistical package or programming library. The data science team mainly uses R, Scala, and Ruby, but that’s not set in stone, and we value the ability to learn new libraries and ecosystems. Friendly and ready to work with others, both technical and non-technical. We don’t work in isolation and regularly interact with each other and members of other teams. At least some familiarity with: Unix-like operating systems, SQL databases, and web application programming. Strong experience in any is a plus. Other pluses: experience with distributed-computing ecosystems like Spark; experience with Amazon Web Services; experience teaching statistics or programming What it’s like to work here: On Monday we eat and meet as a team to chat projects and progress. We’re 45 genuinely nice people. We work together and experiment with how to do things. It’s an amazing environment to both explore your professional interests and shape your career trajectory. We move quickly. You build something and the next day it comes to life. You see and feel an immediate impact with the collective efforts of the team. We’re building a company and a team we love. We’re in it for the long run. Read more about what makes us, us here. Find out more here or here. The perks We’re a flexible work environment Competitive salary and meaningful equity Health, dental and vision insurance (100% covered) Free lunch every day, plus free water — hot and cold! Unlimited vacation: take as much time as you need (we recommend at least 3 weeks) Monthly unlimited MetroCard Custora is an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or socioeconomic status.
Data Warehouse Intern: Newsela is an Instructional Content Platform that brings together engaging, accessible content with integrated assessments and insights to supercharge reading engagement and learning in every subject. We are dedicated to our mission to unlock the written word for everyone. More than three years since our launch, Newsela is already in 75% of schools, across all 50 U.S. states, in addition to being in over 180 countries. The result has been more engaged readers and engaged readers are better learners. As Newsela’s usage in classrooms all over the world has grown, so has our focus on using data-driven analysis and results across every area of our business in order to make us more efficient and effective in helping students learn to read. As Data Warehouse/Business Intelligence Intern, you will help us organize and make sense of vast amounts of product, sales, and market data. This is a paid, part-time position (20 hours/week) based in our New York City office. Responsibilities Work with Data Analysts, Data Engineers, and Data Scientists to improve how data is modeled and organized within our data warehouse. After 5 years of exponential growth, our data systems have grown cluttered and confusing; your role is to help us impose some order. Analyze database performance and find ways to make things run faster. Rewrite SQL files, simplify complex queries, optimize Redshift tables. Review other analysts’ SQL code and provide feedback according to our style guide. Write training and documentation that help our data analysts and business users understand the data they’re working with. Recommend and implement data governance rules. The Ideal Candidate Current or recent college student with an interest in databases and data modeling Proficient in SQL Some Pluses Computer science, information science, or related course of study Experience with a BI tool such as Tableau or Looker Experience creating data visualizations Interest/experience with web applications and the data they generate _Newsela is strongly committed to the principle of equal opportunity for all individuals. Newsela will make all employment decisions without unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by law._
 Data Scientist: FreeWheel, a Comcast company, has superior end-to-end technology, premium marketplace, and best in market advisory services that power the advertising businesses of the largest media and entertainment companies in the world, including DIRECTV, Fox, NBC Universal, Turner Broadcasting System and Viacom in U.S., and Sky and Channel 4 in Europe. From our unique position at the center of the premium video economy, we enable our clients to unify audiences across desktop, mobile, OTT, and traditional STB devices, and profitably monetize their content. Headquartered in New York, with offices in San Francisco, London, and Beijing, FreeWheel stands to advocate for the entire industry through the FreeWheel Council for Premium Video. Description: Freewheel is currently looking to recruit a Data Scientist to join our Data Sciences team. This role will be responsible for supporting efforts related to machine learning, optimization methods, predictive analytics, attribution analyses, yield management, media economics modeling, and algorithm development.This role will work very closely with engineering, database administrators, account management, and product management staff in assisting with data and analytical needs.This position will work closely on research, development, and analytics tasks to help shape future advanced advertising offerings. The role will be responsible for: Prototyping optimization solutions for advertising applications Developing and implementing machine learning algorithms Researching and building new analytical solutions Developing methods for advertising attribution analyses Data visualization and analysis Data processing and statistical algorithm development Skills and Specifications Graduate degree in Statistics, Operations Research, Applied Math, Engineering, Computer Science, or other quantitative discipline preferred Experience in implementing optimization methods Experience in conducting attribution analyses Experience with Media Math & Economics Experience with R and Python a plus Experience with Machine Learning Implementation Experience working with relational databases. SQL experience a plus. Excellent oral and written communication skills are a must. Must be highly analytical with the ability to resolve complex issues independently. Must be detail oriented with a passion for providing informative documentation. Strong interest in TV advertising and advanced media platforms. 3+ years of working experience Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer
 Data Scientist: Vroom.com is a venture-backed, fast-growing start-up focused on revolutionizing the car buying experience. Our approach is unique in that we recondition pre-owned vehicles to a high standard, sell online, and deliver anywhere across the US. We have experienced tremendous growth in our first 5 years of operation and have become a disruptive force in the automotive industry. Vroom is an exciting, accelerating workplace, and there's no better time to join the team than right now. We are constantly exploring new ways to improve our car pricing algorithms, to optimize our inventory and merchandising models, and to leverage data to better understand our customers. To help out, we are looking for experienced Data Scientists to join our Data Science and Analytics Team. The ideal candidates will be looking to apply their passion for data and technology to drive business-critical decisions. This is a role with high visibility into the business and with strong potential for growth within the company. Responsibilities Own end-to-end data workflows and develop deep domain expertise on the underlying actors and behaviors manifested through data Implement and validate predictive models and create and maintain statistical models to optimize inventory and with a focus on the used car market pricing, vehicle attributes and demand indicators Identify standard and novel data sources to assess consumer-related demand levels and other market indicator Acquire, organize and leverage insights derived from that data Collaborate with data engineers to rapidly deploy newly developed models Develop and maintain ETL pipelines to optimize the integration and the use of all available data sources Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges Requirements Strong and demonstrated technical skills and a desire to continue to expend on those skills A quantitative/technical/analytics education (Masters/PhD in a quantitative discipline preferred) Experience in supply chain planning, demand modeling, inventory optimization, and/or AdTech technology and industry preferred Experience with preferredProficiency in applying statistical/machine learning methods in the real world Contemporary data engineering / data science technical skills (e.g. SQL, R, Python) and a desire to try out the cutting edge Benefits This full-time role offers competitive compensation; health, dental & vision insurance through United Healthcare; a 401k plan; fully company-paid short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance; access to a healthcare concierge service with virtual visits; and 15 annualized days of paid vacation. But our biggest benefit is being part of a low-ego, high performing team that's transforming the used car market into a modern, online and data-driven industry. We are looking for people who want to be a part of a contemporary startup culture. What gets us out of bed is working with talented people on a mission that matters. To Apply If you think you might be who we’re looking for, apply below with your resume and a cover letter telling us why you think you’d be a great addition to the team.
 Data Scientist, Content Business Analysis: At Spotify our mission is to provide the world’s best platform for artists, creators, and fans. The Content team at Spotify is responsible for driving many business critical and innovative strategic initiatives, including developing commercial relationships with artists and labels, partnering with podcast and video creators, and understanding how users discover and consume music, podcasts, and video. As a Data Scientist for our Content team, you’ll get the opportunity to explore listening behaviors across millions of music fans, and help translate those data patterns into insights that will inform the decision making and strategic planning throughout the company. What you’ll do: Perform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive content decisions Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to key stakeholders Take a lead in utilizing data to form insights that guide our burgeoning content strategies, and help senior decision makers understand the landscape we work in Who you are: You have a degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline You have at least 3 years experience in a media, tech, finance, or consulting role performing data analysis You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders You have a deep understanding of numbers and business models, and experience extracting insights from large datasets to drive key business strategies You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems It is preferred that you have the technical competence to perform data extraction and analysis: Coding skills (such as Python, Java, or Scala) Experience with SQL or R Data Visualization experience (e.g., Tableau, Qliksense) We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.
 Data Scientist: A data scientist at Kensho is passionate about one thing: data. The successful candidate will have extensive experience applying a range of econometrics/statistics models to a diverse set of data. You should enjoy moving beyond the theoretic confines of academia to applying your tradecraft in the real world and producing data driven products that will be used by decision makers throughout the global banking industry and beyond. The ideal candidate is precise and detail oriented. Most importantly, a Kenshō data scientist is excited at the opportunity to work in a lean, tight-knit startup bringing transparency to some of the hardest problems on the planet. What Youll Do: Conduct original research on some of the most interesting datasets - both proprietary and open source Identify, research, prototype, and build predictive products Analyze, transform, structure, and crunch financial data that is growing in size, diversity, and complexity Write production-ready code to identify interesting outliers, anomalies, correlations, and associations Write tests to ensure the robustness and reliability of the team's productionized models What We Look For: Advanced degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, or related quantitative field 3+ years of experience in data analysis or similar role At least one core programming expertise, such as python (iPython, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas) or R Experience with advanced machine learning, natural language process, and statistics model Strong statistical knowledge and intuition, especially for applying analysis to real data Strong interest on capital market & economics theory How to Really Get Our Attention: Major contributor at a top company with big data Individual research Significant experience at a top financial analytics company or hedge fund Your github account showing entrepreneurial yet practical initiative Technologies We Like: Advanced statistics & statistical programming language like python, R, and MATLAB Python and specifically Numpy, SciPy & Pandas, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Theano Data stores like Postgresql, ElasticSearch, and various NoSQL alternative Perks: Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance with 100% premium covered Unlimited vacation days Paid Parental Leave 401(k) plan with employer match Free snacks and drinks All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. kensho.com
Data Scientist, Strategy: ServiceTitan is building out its Strategic Analytics team to take our understanding of our business' growth and cost drivers to the next level, and make smarter investment and operational decisions across the company, to further accelerate our disruption of the Home Servicing industry. Part of ServiceTitan's success can be attributed to our intensive SaaS metric- driven culture and environment, relentless investigations to get to THE root cause and come up with the right solutions to either augment/replicate successes or promptly address opportunities for improvement. This is a critical investment area for ServiceTitan, that bears a lot of responsibilities, as our business and technology investments portfolio grows in complexity. The performance of this team has a significant impact not only on ServiceTitan, but also on the success of our customers, impacting their lives and their pursuit of the extraordinary. What you'll do Answer critical business questions around marketing/sales funnel optimization, customer retention, business investment prioritization, corporate development opportunities, etc. Interact with key business stakeholders at ServiceTitan and own end to end data analysis and modeling of assigned projects Create sustainable data science models and participate in the continuous improvement of predictive analytics framework Leverage insights gained from analytics into actionable business recommendations Develop dashboards and systems to monitor our business metrics at an in-depth level to spot emerging trends, challenges, and potential opportunities Promote adoption of cutting edge analytics across ServiceTitan, implement innovative quantitative research tools and models, ultimately contributing to the development of ServiceTitan's Decision Support System What you'll need MS/Ph.D in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, or similar quantitative discipline required 5+ years experience (or 3+ years post Ph.D) as a data scientist/analyst developing business-oriented models such as marketing analytics, demand forecasting, price optimization, customer segmentation, etc… Hands on knowledge of data mining, forecasting and optimization mathematics Proficiency with one or more statistical and optimization packages (Python, R, Matlab). Expertise in SQL. Experience with Business Intelligence (Tableau) is also helpful, Experience with Agile software development a plus Good communication skills are a must (written/verbal) including the ability to communicate complex concepts to non-technical business stakeholders. Capability to drive research and analysis initiatives from project design through product development Creative thinker - able to develop unique methods of analysis where traditional methods do not yield results About ServiceTitan ServiceTitan is a mobile, cloud-based software platform that helps home services companies streamline operations, improve customer service, and grow their business. ServiceTitan's end-to-end solution for the multi-billion dollar residential home services industry includes CRM, intelligent dispatch, custom reporting, marketing automation, mobile solution for field techs, and accounting integration with Intacct and QuickBooks. ServiceTitan brings a fully operational modern SaaS infrastructure to an industry traditionally underserved by software. ServiceTitan is the preferred software for hundreds of the world's most successful plumbing, HVAC, and electrical companies. For more information about ServiceTitan, visit www.ServiceTitan.com ( http://www.servicetitan.com/ ). Los Angeles Business Journal Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Company for 2017 Inc. 5000 – America’s Fastest Growing Companies 2017 Forbes - Next Billion-Dollar Startup List 2017
Data Scientist: Performs advanced data design and analysis using the Electronic Medical Record (EMR) to create new knowledge useful to KP and outside organizations. Extracts and cleans large volumes of healthcare data across dozens of sources. Applies expert statistical methodologies to clinical outcomes. Partners effectively with physicians, other clinicians, software engineers and business managers to communicate findings using data visualization techniques. Essential Functions: Works with physicians, epidemiologists, statisticians, business managers, and software engineers, to formulate and scope questions and translate knowledge into care transformation. Develops algorithms and predictive models to solve critical health service problems. Influences a general audience to understand the quality, completeness, and appropriate use of data. Provides advice about choice of statistical approaches, performs statistical analysis. Develops tools and libraries to create efficiencies for future work. Develops systematic approaches to assure data validity. Identifies new sources of data within the electronic medical record that will improve information about target diseases and clinical processes. Establishes links across existing data sources; processes large volumes of data needed for complex research/operational studies. Trains Data Consultants and other data workers.
Data Scientist: Job Description TechStyle Fashion Group is currently looking for a Data Scientist. How Do You Fit In? As a Data Scientist, you will be responsible for developing algorithms for eCommerce, Merchandising and Purchasing, Media and Acquisition, Inventory, Order Fulfillment, and Member Services for all TechStyle brands. The right candidate will possess outstanding communication skills to assist our brand teams with experimentation, insights, and ultimately trained algorithms to support our core business functions. This position will report to the Sr. Director, Data Science Responsibilities: Develop solutions to support our core business functions Carry projects from concept to completion Work closely with business and engineering teams to push your models into production Communicate effectively with product teams to explain ROI, level of effort, and statistical findings of experiments Help create algorithms known to provide ROI in an eCommerce environment Work closely with the media team to help maximize AD spend and create attribution models Assist product and engineering teams in determining features that support future ML models Share insights learned through experimentation with underlying teams Required Skills: At least 2 years’ experience or a degree in a mathematical field, including statistics, economics, physics, or aerospace Fluent in Python Experienced in creating, deploying, and retraining machine learning algorithms to overcome problems in a production environment Good understanding of existing models and experience in model selection Experience in feature exploration, dimensionality reduction, and sparse data sets Experience in TSQL and data manipulation libraries including Spark, Pandas, and Numpy Experience with Deep Learning libraries TensorFlow, MXNet Experience with ML libraries scikit-learn, Spark MLLib, mlpack Data Visualization experience including scatterplots, histograms, and distribution charts Understanding of Cloud offerings including Snowflake Data platform, Sagemaker, Google Cloud AI, AzureML, Azure Workbench a plus Understanding of eCommerce Outstanding communication skills TechStyle is an Equal Opportunity Employer: M/F/PV/D (minority, female, protected veteran, disability)
 Data Scientist Intern: A Data Scientist Intern will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products and services. Their primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality analytical and prediction systems integrated with our products. Examples projects include optimization of lead generation systems using machine learning techniques and building recommendation systems for personalized user content. Responsibilities: Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques. Data mining using state-of-the-art methods. Extending companys data with third party sources of information when needed. Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems. Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis. Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner. Creating automated machine learning based systems and constant tracking of its performance. Skills and Qualifications: Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Scikit-learn, NumPy, Tensorflow. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable: Great communication skills. Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL. Experience with NoSQL databases. Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills in Python or Java. Data-oriented personality. Education: B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Physics or related fields. M.S. or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Physics or related fields. Success starts with having the right people. At Internet Brands, we value and mentor each member of our growing team. We seek out talented, goal-oriented professionals who live and breathe the Internet and thrive in a flexible but challenging work environment. Our team of innovators has enabled Internet Brands to sustain high levels of profitability and success while evolving along with the Internet for over 20 years. At IB, we promote an entrepreneurial, friendly culture that applauds innovation and results while embracing change and independence. Our employees are intensely driven and constantly encouraged to reach higher and use creativity to achieve success – all the while enjoying high levels of collaboration and the luxury of coming to work in jeans and sneakers. We are proud to offer a unique blend of the innovation of a start-up with the history, stability, and benefits of an established corporation. Internet Brands and its wholly owned affiliates are an equal opportunity employer.
Data Scientist: Functional Area: RK - Risk Estimated Travel Percentage (%): Relocation Provided: American General Life Insurance Company Employ predictive analytic techniques to produce Variable Annuity and Index Annuity experience studies and assumption recommendations to be provided to the business, with a focus on policyholder behavior and actuarial assumptions ensuring consistency across downstream models. This position will report directly to the VP Finance Pricing Oversight and Experience Studies for the Individual Retirement business, and will have frequent and regular interaction across the Business Unit (BU) functions supporting both the finance team and the business unit. n addition, the candidate will be responsible for the following: Understanding complex business challenges, designing scientific solutions, manipulating large data sets, using cutting edge machine learning or statistical modeling techniques and synthesizing insights Independently coordinate and manage staff in the production and communication of annual Variable and Index Annuity experience studies and assumption recommendations Conduct adhoc analysis as requested or as identified independently that supports periodic assumption setting and/or provides the business with greater insights into policyholder behavior Produce and maintain proper documentation and model controls, support model review processes and internal/external audits Building scalable solutions that create great business impact Strong and effective communication (both written and verbal) with colleagues and business leaders Continuously advancing your skills and those of others on the team through discussions, work assignments, training and mentoring Job Requirements: Expertise in one or more modeling/machine learning platforms as such as R, SAS, and Python Experience with additional programming languages such as C++, Java, Matlab a plus Classification methods (e.g., Neural Net, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forest) Regression methods (e.g., Linear, Nonlinear, Boosted Regression Trees) Time-series Modelling/Forecasting Statistical Analysis (e.g., Hypothesis Testing, Experiment Design, Hierarchical Modeling, Bayesian Inference) Advanced skills in SQL It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.
Data Scientist: Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. Snapchat is the camera used by millions of people every day to Snap with family, watch Stories from friends, see events from around the world, and explore expertly curated content from top publishers. In short, we are a passionate team working hard to build the best platform in the world for communication and storytelling. We’re looking for a Data Scientist to join Team Snapchat! Working closely alongside engineering, product design and product management, you will enjoy creating inventive, data-based approaches to solving difficult business problems. Working from our Los Angeles, CA headquarters, you’ll work with the Camera Platform team to transform business questions into data analysis and help to keep Snap at the forefront of AR. What you’ll do: Partner with Product and Engineering and apply your expertise in quantitative analysis to create and scale insights Create and test hypotheses Create visuals and dashboards to effectively report your insights Help business and engineering partners make date-drive decisions Minimum qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, computer science, or other quantitative field 2+ years of experience in quantitative analysis & data science or a related field Fluency in SQL or other big data querying language Preferred qualifications: Master’s degree in math, statistics, computer science, or other quantitative field Experience with causal inference techniques, experimental design and/or A/B testing Experience with analytical packages such as SciPy or R Experience with a programming language, such as Python Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail Experience in a product-focused role at a social media and/or mobile technology company A team player who can collaborate with engineers, product managers, and other cross-functional teams Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to a senior audience Passionate about Snapchat, Lens Studio, and immersive technology At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations- ext@snap.com ( accommodations-ext@snap.com ).
 Data Scientist I: Job Summary: Who we are. We’re fans who help fans everywhere get in to the live events they love. A proud division of Live Nation Entertainment, Ticketmaster has changed the way the world connects with their favorite artists, teams, and shows, and we continue to shape innovation every day. We’re not just selling tickets (though we do that better than anyone else), we’re enriching lives one amazing experience at a time. And we think _that’s_ pretty amazing. If you’re passionate about the magic of live entertainment like we are, and you want to work at a company dedicated to helping millions of fans experience it, we want to hear from you. Why you should work with us. Our biggest investment is in our people. We offer comprehensive health benefits and 401k matching, student loan assistance, plus career-boosting opportunities like tuition reimbursement and targeted development sessions to help all eligible employees thrive. At Ticketmaster, expect the fast-paced excitement of a startup with the rock-solid support from an industry leader – with plenty of ticket perks on the side. See what it’s like working at Ticketmaster. The Role: At Ticketmaster, we are building a new platform for live entertainment. Over the past 4 years, our API has gone from a $1 million/year to $1 billion/year, including through mobile initiatives. Today we sell tickets not only on Ticketmaster.com but on partner e-commerce sites and the biggest social networks. As we continue to grow we need outstanding Data Scientists. That’s where you come in. Responsibilities: Be part of a dynamic, highly-focused team that is responsible for providing machine-learning insights and products that engage TicketMaster's 170+MM users Designing and implementing machine learning algorithms ranging from feature engineering, feature selection, clustering, predictive scoring and classification Support the analysis of the value of various marketing channels in order to support appropriate allocation of resources. Support feature engineering and modeling for demand, pricing and sales forecasting. Carry out rigorous model validation and model tuning/optimization as part of the natural model life-cycle Qualifications: 2+ years of SW development with a high-level programming language like: Java, C/C++, Python Strong machine learning background both on supervised and unsupervised algorithms Experience with state of the art machine learning tool kits and algorithms (e.g., Vowpal Wabbit (VW); scikit-learn; Tensorflow) 2+ years of industry experience, or equivalent and pertinent course work Proficient in SQL and RDBMS's Experience with/knowledge of frameworks like Hadoop, Pig is desirable Education: MS/Ph.D. In CS, Math or Statistics Effective communication skills and enjoying work as part of a team EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Ticketmaster strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. HIRING PRACTICES The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Ticketmaster recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Ticketmaster may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, Internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms.
Data Scientist: QUALIFICATIONS: Advanced degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Operations Research, Statistics or Applied Math with in-depth understanding of machine learning models and/or statistical analysis required (Masters/Ph.D strongly preferred) Strong knowledge of Python or Scala required Strong knowledge SQL or alike preferred Experience in data processing and building production models Experience with Spark is a plus Experience in the advertising industry is a plus Must be a strong written and verbal communicator _We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law._
Data Scientist - Generalist: Job Title: Data Scientist - Generalist Position Overview We are looking for entry level Data Scientists to join our growing team! The successful candidates will work with the data science and engineering teams to collect, process, and analyze data from projects relating to energy, healthcare, finance, and logistics. Responsibilities and Job Duties Ingest and organize data from various sources (e.g. CSV, relational database) Process data using typical data science techniques (e.g. deduping, imputation) Conduct analyses using common DS techniques, such as: Linear / logistic regression Decision tree algorithms (e.g. random forest) Clustering algorithms (e.g. K-means) Support vector machine (SVM) Analyze and visualize data using common data science packages, such as: Numpy Pandas Matplotlib Plotly Work in a highly collaborative environment to brainstorm, design, implement and deliver solutions to some of the most challenging industrial IOT problems Qualifications and Skills Minimum 1-2 years of experience solving data science problems Programming experience in Python, Java, and/or Matlab Preferred Requirements Masters or PhD Application of data science solutions in industrial projects Domain expertise in energy, healthcare, finance, and/or logistics Research experience with high impact publications About Beyond Limits Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company with a technology legacy in Space Exploration. A spinoff of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech, Beyond Limits provides advanced intelligence solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides autonomous reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.
Data Scientist: At Edmunds we’re driven to make car buying easier. Ever since we began publishing printed car guides in the 60’s, the company has been in the business of trust, innovating ways to empower and support car shoppers. When Edmunds launched the car industry’s first Internet site in 1994, we established a leadership position online and have never looked back. Now, as one of the most trusted review sites on the Internet, millions of visitors use our research, shopping and buying tools every month to make an easy and informed decision on their next car. For consumers, we bring peace of mind. For dealers, we make tools to help them solve their problems and sell more cars. How do we do it, you ask? The key ingredients are our enthusiastic employees, progressive company culture and cutting-edge technology. Want to join the team? Read on to find out how! What You’re Applying For: The Analytics team at Edmunds.com is seeking a Data Scientist who will play a crucial role in designing and optimizing tests, and help guide product initiatives for the Tier 1 Advertising business with our OEM partners. These initiatives will involve in-depth studies of Edmunds’ users and clients, as well as the automotive marketplace, to directly impact the revenue generated from the Tier 1 Advertising business. Each project will involve sound statistical models, carefully planned and executed experiments, creative uses of Edmunds’ vast data resources, thoughtful analysis and beautiful visualization of results. We are looking for a person that is smart, creative, ambitious and able to work and communicate well with a variety of people from varying technical backgrounds. We especially want someone who is excited about engaging in data- driven analyses to strategically optimize Edmunds’ product offerings for our customers and clients. Edmunds is very much about helping its people grow—meaningfully, effectively and prosperously. We care about what we do and we care about our people. A demonstrated passion for data and analytics will provide incredible growth opportunities and will make this the best job you’ve ever had. What You’ll Do: Work with Data Scientists and Product Managers to design and implement in-depth studies of Edmunds’ users and clients Implement and provide feedback on robusts tests that will provide meaningful results Build statistical, machine learning, or optimization models to improve the Edmunds Tier 1 Advertising business Write production modeling code; collaborate with Software Engineers to implement algorithms when necessary Prepare visualizations of data in order to explain and persuade Communicate results to stakeholders across the business Identify key areas for future research What You Need: Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field preferred AND An advanced degree + 1-2 years’ work experience in an analytics-related position OR 3-4 years’ work experience in an analytics-related position Deep understanding of data platforms in which you’ve previously worked Ability to work well in a team Proficiency in SQL Strong R and/or Python skills, experience with notebooks is a plus Experience building models, engineering features, and using data to optimize product performance Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience performing analysis on raw event data in modern distributed system engineering stacks Ability to take findings and make simple/beautiful/easy-to-interpret data visualizations Working @ Edmunds.com: Employees think it’s a pretty great place to work and some pretty impressive publications think it is too: we have been recognized as one of the best places to work by the Fortune Magazine and Great Places to Work, LA Business Journal (for the last 6 years!), Computerworld, and Built in LA. We've also been identified as one of the best workplaces specifically in Technology and also for Diversity and Asian Americans. In fact, our CEO, Avi Steinlauf, was rated as one of Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs! If you’re interested in learning more and joining our mission, we’d love to hear from you! Edmunds will consider for employment qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws.
Digital Strategy Data Scientist: This role can be located in either Oakland or Burbank. Does not offer relocation. Active participation in a range of market strategy projects essential to KP's membership and margin goals. Market Strategy&Analysis Consultants provide analytical/strategic-thinking and leadership skills that enable project teams to: 1) isolate business issues; 2) design and execute analytics for studying business issues (market research, scenario planning, forecasting, market share, profitability, etc); 3) bring technical/content expertise (competitive intelligence, utilization, financial analysis, deep data analysis & programming); 4) vet findings and make formal recommendations to senior levels of KP leadership; 5) create documents (strategic segment plans, utilization reports) that inform critical strategic issues. Preferred: Thisrole is primarily focused on analyzing our digital campaigns in Paid Search, YouTube, Facebook, Online Advertising, Etc. This person should 3 years experience in SEM (Search Engine Marketing) and SEO (Search Engine Optimization) analytics as well as have some experience building analytical models such as logistic regression. Proficiency using SAS, SPSS, R or Python is a must. Prefer 3 year's experience within in an Advertising agency, or similar. Essential Functions Collect and organize data from mainframe files, data warehouse reports, vendor extracts, departmental spreadsheets and databases, and internet/intranet sites for easy use by internal business and analytical clients. Create and maintain databases as a tool for delivering data to internal clients. Use data to investigate identified business issue and to address hypotheses. Create more complex analytical views of data, identifying major assumptions and gaps. Develop preliminary conclusions- tell the story.
 Data Scientist: Data Scientist Universal Games & Digital Platforms Group Essential Responsibilities: Ideation of data models and modeling (i.e. historical as well as predictive models) Working with the Games team and partners to understand what are the needed KPIs in addition to what selected BI tools provide Help design and monitor A/B tests Ideate cross-promotion campaigns Work across teams to identify needs and translate them to modeling mandates Explain player behavior and campaign results Qualifications/Requirements Basic Qualifications: 2+ years of experience performing statistical and predictive analytics Expert in machine learning Expertise in R and Python Must have more than a passing familiarity with Behavioral Science or Psychology or Social Science Eligibility Requirements: Interested candidates must submit a resume/CV online to be considered Must have unrestricted work authorization to work in the United States Must be covered by Solutions, NBCU’s Alternative Dispute Resolution Program Desired Characteristics Desired Characteristics: Expertise in Java and C/C++ a plus Understanding of Big Data technologies (Cassandra, Spark, Hadoop) strongly preferred Sub-Business Film Brand Development Career Level Experienced City Universal City State/Province California Country United States About Us At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us. Notices NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.
Sr. Data Scientist: Join Taboola's Big Data team as a Sr. Data Scientist! Read something interesting online to day? There's a good chance it reached you because of our technology. Taboola is the world's leading content discovery platform, serving 360B recommendations to over 1B unique visitors each month on the web's most innovative publisher sites, including NBC, USA Today, The Weather Channel, Tribune and Fox Sports. About You: You are a hyper-intelligent Data Scientist with a robust background in a big data environment. In this Job: You will build complex Data Science solutions for large-scale product initiatives, scaling up to a Petabyte of data. Requirements: 3+ years of experience as a Data Scientist, preferably in Big Data Environment 2+ years of programming experience in Java/Scala and/or Python Hadoop stack (HIVE, Pig, Hadoop streaming) and MapReduce HBase or comparable NoSQL SQL & database experience Experience with Google products: Google Cloud Storage, Google Analytics and Google Big Query (a plus) Bachelor’s degree in quantitative or related field Responsibilities: Design and build predictive customer behavior models for targeting and personalization Implement Machine Learning and statistics-based algorithms for prediction and optimization, then deliver to production Build and maintain code to populate HDFS, Hadoop with log from Kafka or data loaded from SQL production systems Design, build and support algorithms of data transformation, conversion, computation on Hadoop, Spark and other distributed Big Data Systems LI - AM1 GD
Data Scientist: Riot Games was established in 2006 by entrepreneurial gamers who believe that player-focused game development can result in great games. In 2009, Riot released its debut title League of Legends to critical and player acclaim. As the most played PC game in the world, over 100 million play every month. Players form the foundation of our community and it’s for them that we continue to evolve and improve the League of Legends experience. We’re looking for humble but ambitious, razor-sharp professionals who can teach us a thing or two. We promise to return the favor. Like us, you take play seriously; you’re passionate about games. We embrace those who see things differently, aren’t afraid to experiment, and who have a healthy disregard for constraints. That’s where you come in. As Data Scientist, you'll develop advanced machine learning algorithms and statistical models to solve critical problems and help deliver awesome player experiences. You'll partner with product teams to implement data science models into live production systems. You'll bring fresh perspective to inform decision-making toward better player experience by translating player voice into insights using your top-notch modeling and analytic skills. You'll work closely with software engineers and combine your modeling and coding skills to create tools and infrastructure to empower and level-up data science at Riot. \-------- You are: \-------- Educated: you've earned a BS or equivalent in Statistics, Computer Science, Math, Physics, or an applied quantitative field and likely added an MS or PhD in the same field to keep your BS company; you're more ninja than rockstar, preferring precision strikes to chest-thumping grandstanding; you have broad knowledge of machine learning, statistics, algorithm design, or software engineering Experienced: you've earned badges in statistical modeling, machine learning, distributed system, and database; you understand how to architect, implement, deploy, and maintain data science intensive applications in a cloud environment; you've also aced one or more of: deep learning, natural language processing, server architecture, software engineering, full stack web development, visualization – maybe earning a byline or two Big data passionate: you have a firm grasp of SQL and NoSQL databases, cloud environment, streaming, as well as the Hadoop ecosystem (Hadoop, Hive, Spark); you are very curious about the frontier of big data technology and committed to exploring the newest Up to code: you write well-abstracted and reusable code in Python, R, Java, or Scala; you freely navigate in Linux environment; you can stand up web applications; documentation, version control, and code review are in your blood Innovative and analytical: you're a skilled lateral thinker, pulling insight from data and free-associating yourself into unique perspectives on problems that stump lesser innovators A problem assassin: you conduct problem reconnaissance and termination with the skill and ruthlessness of Bond, but in an elegant, scalable manner; you easily identify and troubleshoot problems, quickly resolving issues Player-focused: as a gamer yourself, you know the importance of listening to player needs, especially the implicit needs that can only be uncovered by analyzing and understanding player data \--------- You will: \--------- Analyze petabytes of player data, developing and testing data-fueled hypotheses, extracting useful information and turning it into helpful insight that can help us improve players' experiences Bring data science to life by working with software engineers to architect, develop, and deploy production level applications powered by advanced machine learning algorithms that can help us improve player experiences Bring data science to people through designing, prototyping, and implementing new ways to effectively communicate data science findings so that non-tech audiences can enjoy the beauty of advanced machine learning Develop tools that will help data scientists and stakeholders more efficiently plumb the dark depths of our very deep, very rich data stores Bring fresh perspective and new dimensions of analysis to bear on the challenge of identifying what we could do better; develop algorithms and predictive models to solve critical Riot Games problems and validate models to ensure proper behavior Work closely with fellow data scientists and engineers to identify opportunities and improve our data ecosystem Don’t forget to include a resume and cover letter. We receive a lot of applications, but we’ll notice a fun, well-written intro that shows us you take play seriously.
 Data Scientist, Machine Learning: As a Data Scientist at ZestFinance, you will develop radically new methods for manipulation and prediction that will enable us to provide fair, transparent credit. Using a combination of machine learning technology and vast amounts of data sources, we seek to transform the credit market while expanding our team into interesting and revolutionary frontiers within the credit world. In this role you will: Translate unstructured business problems into well-defined machine learning projects Collaborate with a cross-functional team of Engineers, Product Managers, and Business Analysts to identify and manage high leverage opportunities for modeling work Design and implement highly generalizable models for predicting various outcomes Take responsibility for modeling implementation in real world settings to solve real world problems Mentor junior team members in modeling artistry We are looking for: Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative discipline; advanced degrees preferred Expert experience designing, developing, and implementing machine learning models/algorithms Successful Kaggle competition experience is encouraged Extensive programming experience in R or Python and an interest in learning new languages and technologies Knowledge of data structures and parallelization Perks and benefits: People – the best part of Zest Robust healthcare plans, matching 401K and unlimited vacation time Dog friendly office with lounge areas, video games and gigantic jigsaw puzzles On-site gym with yoga, salsa and other employee run fitness classes Generous family leave policy (6 month maternity leave/3 month paternity leave) Tuition reimbursement, conference allowance and Zest talks Complimentary massages, manicures, pedicures and more Daily catered lunches from LA’s best restaurants and fully stocked kitchen About ZestFinance: ZestFinance, Inc. applies its unique credit-decisioning technology platform — based on data science and machine learning — to help lenders effectively predict credit risk so they can increase revenues, reduce risk and ensure compliance. ZestFinance was founded in 2009 by Douglas Merrill and a team of former Google employees with the mission of making fair and transparent credit available to everyone. We are committed to diversity in hiring, professional development, and everyday discussion. Zest is determined to hire crazy smart people who are different from each other to create broad thinking, lots of different ideas, and by extension, the best team possible.
 Data Scientist - Oil and Gas: Position Overview Our Oil and Gas division is currently in need of a Data Scientist to join our fast-growing team. The successful candidate will be involved in the design and development of next generation software products for upstream O &G.; The ideal candidate will have a deep knowledge of the subsurface reservoirs and be able to contribute to the codes/algorithms in a group of Data Scientists and software engineers. Job Duties and Responsibilities Collaborate with the SMEs from the client side to understand the current workflows and help design autonomous solutions empowered by Beyond Limits’ Artificial Intelligence IP stack Act as an in-house reservoir engineering expert to ensure the accuracy of the O &G; knowledge/physics implemented in our agents Contribute to the solution design, usually in collaboration with data scientists Work closely with software engineers to implement the solutions in a programming environment Qualifications and Skills Minimum 2 years of experience in upstream O &G; as a reservoir engineer, data scientist or petrophysicist MSc in petroleum engineering or a related major Algorithmic thinking Working knowledge of the upstream data Experience with analytical simulation tools in the field Familiarity with reservoir simulation Minimum 3 years of programming experience in Python, Java, Matlab , etc .. Preferred Qualifications PhD in petroleum engineering or a related major Demonstrated experience with statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms Demonstrated experience with machine learning fundamentals and analysis tools (e.g., Matlab, Mathematica, SciPy, NumPy, etc..) About Beyond Limits Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company with a technology legacy in Space Exploration. A spinoff of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech, Beyond Limits provides advanced intelligence solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides autonomous reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.
 Sr. Data Scientist: Job Description TechStyle Fashion Group is currently looking for a Sr. Data Scientist. How Do You Fit In? As a Sr Data Scientist you will be responsible for developing algorithms for eCommerce, Merchandising and Purchasing, Media and Acquisition, Inventory, Order Fulfillment, and Member Services for all TechStyle brands. The right candidate will possess outstanding communication skills to assist our brand teams with experimentation, insights, and ultimately trained algorithms to support our core business functions. This position will report to the Sr. Director, Data Science. Responsibilities: Develop solutions to support our core business functions Carry projects from concept to completion Work closely with business and engineering teams to push your models into production Communicate effectively with product teams to explain ROI, level of effort, and statistical findings of experiments Help create algorithms known to provide ROI in an eCommerce environment Work closely with the media team to help maximize AD spend and create attribution models Assist product and engineering teams in determining features that support future ML models Share insights learned through experimentation with underlying teams Required Skills: At least 4 years’ experience or a degree in a mathematical field, including statistics, economics, physics, or aerospace Fluent in Python Experienced in creating, deploying, and retraining machine learning algorithms to overcome problems in a production environment Good understanding of existing models and experience in model selection Experience in feature exploration, dimensionality reduction, and sparse datasets Experience in TSQL and data manipulation libraries including Spark, Pandas, and Numpy Experience with Deep Learning libraries TensorFlow, MXNet Experience with ML libraries scikit-learn, Spark MLLib, mlpack Data Visualization experience including scatterplots, histograms, and distribution charts Understanding of Cloud offerings including Snowflake Data platform, Sagemaker, Google Cloud AI, AzureML, Azure Workbench a plus Understanding of eCommerce Outstanding communication skills TechStyle is an Equal Opportunity Employer: M/F/PV/D (minority, female, protected veteran, disability)
Data Scientist: We are looking for a Data Scientist interested in solving one of the world's largest problems: financial inclusion. Our team is doing cutting edge work in the field of Data Science and Machine Learning, using unique data to give people in emerging markets access to something that they’ve never had before - credit. Our Data Scientists work directly with Credit, Engineering, and Data Analytics teams to develop and iterate models that promote our vision of financial access for a billion people in emerging markets around the world. We leverage a unique, diverse, and deep data set, including text, network analysis, and image recognition. You’ll be surprised by the connections between our different data sources! Our Data Scientist are tasked with finding and communicating these connections to the team while integrating them into various models. If you are motivated to change the world through financial freedom and love working with people and data to achieve this mission, we want you here at Tala. Responsibilities: Leverage a unique, diverse, and deep data set to find connections across these data sources. Communicate findings to the team and integrate them into models. Own the full-cycle of a model from ideation and training through deployment into our production environment. This might be a credit model, fraud model, marketing model, or an iteration of an existing model. Monitor model performance once deployed and iterate rapidly if necessary. Contribute and share your findings and knowledge of data science and other modeling with all appropriate cross-functional teams. Partner with the Engineering team to develop, test and deploy models. Pull data from MySQL or other data stores, handling all the ETL from the DB to running the model to obtaining a decision. Requirements: 2+ years of experience in a data science role or equivalent position Masters or PhD in a quantitative field Fluent in Python and packages related to machine learning Experience with maintaining data science models in a production environment Preferred Skills & Experience: Experience in building fraud, credit, or risk models Expertise in NLP, network analysis, or geospatial analysis A Successful Candidate is (a/an): Problem Solver: You thrive on finding novel solutions to hard problems. These problems may have ranged from extracting a new dataset from an unexpected source, to building cohorts for customer retention analysis, or the NY Times Saturday crossword. Problem Solver: You thrive on finding novel solutions to hard problems. These problems may have ranged from extracting a new dataset from an unexpected source, to building cohorts for customer retention analysis, or the NY Times Saturday crossword. Communicator and Listener: You thrive on finding novel solutions to hard problems. These problems may have ranged from extracting a new dataset from an unexpected source, to building cohorts for customer retention analysis, or the NY Times Saturday crossword.You know your stuff is complicated, but can you communicate complex ideas to others in a manner that is easily understood and digestible? Can you collaborate well with your peers in growth/portfolio/customer experience? There is a large research component to the job, and this research needs to be effectively shared with the rest of the company. Independent Learner: We encounter new problems that aren’t in textbooks. You have the ability to learn on your own about new concepts and techniques. Curious: You aren’t content until you understand why the features you have built have the explanatory power they do, and why they aren’t just a spurious correlation. Opinionated (but Open-Minded): We are looking for someone to add diversity of thought to our current ensemble of data scientists. Teammate/Partner: Trust in your team and putting the team and mission above individual highlights (with an understanding that the collection of individual highlights and performance makes the team work). ABOUT TALA Tala ( http://tala.co ) is the leading mobile technology and data science company committed to financial inclusion globally. More than 1.3 million people have borrowed through Tala’s smartphone app, which provides instant credit scoring, lending, and other personalized financial services in emerging markets. Tala has raised more than $105 million from leading venture and impact investors including Revolution, IVP, Ribbit Capital, Data Collective, and Lowercase Capital. Tala’s global team is headquartered in Santa Monica, with additional offices in Nairobi, Manila, Dar Es Salaam, Mexico City, Mumbai, and Bangalore.
Analyst, Data Analytics & Content Distribution Research: What part will you play? Burbank Television Enterprises LLC seeks an Analyst, Data Analytics & Content Distribution Research for the MR Syndication department. The Analyst of Data Analytics and Content Distribution Research requires use of research across all media types to create analysis and materials for all Warner Bros. and Warner Bros. associated series, movies and animation properties for Cable, SVOD, AVOD, Local Stations, and emerging partners to directly drive business growth and revenue. This role tracks and analyzes Basic Cable, Pay Cable and Digital content and networks, providing key strategic and actionable insights to the Television Distribution executives. This role is internal business-partner facing, and requires the ability to communicate findings verbally and through data visualization. This role plays a critical role in constructing dashboards and visualizing disparate big data sets with Tableau, and deploying analytical tools and metrics to help drive decision-making with actionable insights and predictions. Essential Job Functions Market Intelligence Build distribution analysis and performance for WB series, movies and animation properties on Broadcast, Cable, Premium Cable, SVOD, AVOD, and emerging platforms, by utilizing disparate big data sources (including but not limited to Nielsen, SVOD, social, digital, external market research, and WB internal data). Synthesize key data points and provide to Television Executives. Construct custom dashboards in Tableau to visualize big data sources to provide business-critical analytics and strategic insight to drive sales strategy. Communicate these insights concisely for non-technical business partners. Provide analytics of full industry content spectrum, including SVOD, AVOD, OTT Services, Social, Digital, Basic Cable, Premium Cable, Broadcast Primetime and local market Syndication. Collaboration & Leadership Partner with Distribution Executives around existing and new business opportunities to build distribution related strategies. Partner and collaborate with cross functional teams to define a unified distribution strategy. Qualifications / Requirements: Minimum of 1 year in research or marketing with an emphasis on measurement and relevant education in advanced analytics. Strong data and digital analytics, Tableau dashboard building, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint skills required. A highly motivated self-starter with the ability to think strategically, work under extreme deadline pressure, be flexible in prioritizing workloads and have extreme attention to detail. A team player with a proven track record of building collaborative relationships across organizations. An innovator looking for new solutions, willing to explore new venues to further business goals. Skill set combination of quantitative, qualitative, consumer research, media and sales. Strong understanding and curiosity for emerging analytics techniques and how they translate into actionable insights for the business. Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills. Reading documents, detailed work, confidentiality, problem solving, language skills, deadline work, training, math skills, reasoning, verbal and written communication skills, customer contact, multiple concurrent tasks, constant interruptions. Characteristics: A highly motivated self-starter with the ability to think strategically, work under extreme deadline pressure, be flexible in prioritizing workloads and have extreme attention to detail A team player with a proven track record of building collaborative relationships across organizations. An innovator looking for new solutions, willing to explore new venues to further business goals Skill set combination of quantitative, qualitative, consumer research, media and sales Strong understanding and curiosity for emerging analytics techniques and how they translate into actionable insights for the business Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills
Data Scientist: Pray.com is a social impact company: we’re driven to help solve society’s challenges by creating tools that make people’s lives better. We exist to serve faith-based organizations and nonprofits. Our team is comprised of people from all backgrounds – some of us pray, some of us meditate, and some of us just want to see more empathy in the world. At Pray.com we walk the talk, live the d.r.e.a.m., and combine our talents to build something bigger than ourselves. As a product, Pray.com is a private social network and donations platform for faith-based organizations and non-profits. We make it easy for people to connect with their communities, get involved face-to-face, and take action in times of need. At Pray.com our vision is to create a world where everyone leaves a legacy of helping others. Want to work with teammates driven to make the world a better place? At Pray.com, you get both a career and a cause. We believe that you can do well financially while doing good for your community. Our business was built on this principle and our investors have generously given us faith, and capital. In return, we’re scaling the company for maximum impact. With competitive salaries and a generous equity package, now is an amazing time to join our team. If making an impact while being part of a remarkable team sounds good to you, we’d love to hear from you. We’re looking for a Data Scientist to join the Pray app. Working closely alongside the Engineering, Product Design, and Product Management teams, you will collect and analyze a wealth of data to aid our business and engineering teams in making smarter, more informed decisions so we can make better products What you’ll do: Translate business questions and apply statistical models and analyses to answer the business questions in an actionable and reproducible manner. Create statistical models than can predict whether or not users will churn, their likelihood to take a given action. Additionally create media mix models to optimize marketing channel, spend and resources. Conduct segmentation analyses through the use of python and/or R programming languages. Leverage machine learning to optimize the delivery of content to users in order to optimize the user experience and engagement. Additionally use machine learning to identify the types of content created by our users and auto categorize the content based on sentiment, content type etc Leverage SQL and other programming languages to acquire the data to analyze in ad hoc analyses and long standing mode What we're looking for: 5+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field Fluency in SQL or other big data querying languages Experience with analytical packages such as SciPy or R Experience with advanced statistics (hypothesis testing, regressions) Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (R, SAS) or other methods Ability to work across teams and functional departments, interacting with members across the organization Ability to communicate analyses in a clear and effective manner to senior-level audiences Our Culture Every person at Pray.com is devoted to our vision of creating a world where everyone leaves a legacy of helping others. We’re looking for talented individuals who understand and embrace our core values, D.R.E.A.M., which include: Devotion, Research, Empathy, Application, and Mindset. At Pray.com, respect for colleagues coming from all faith (and non-faith) backgrounds is a must. We simply appreciate the unbelievable honor and privilege of working with incredible people. At Pray.com we take pride in being a highly-productive team. We collaborate using SCRUM Teams, provide candid constructive feedback to one another, and leverage agile business principles in an open office space that is located 2 blocks from the beach. More About Us Founded in 2016 by serial entrepreneur Steve Gatena and his team of rockstar co-founders, Pray.com was incubated by Mike Jones (Current CEO of Science and former CEO of MySpace) and currently operates out of the Science space in Downtown Santa Monica, which has also seen the likes of Dollar Shave Club, DogVacay, and FameBit pass through its doors.
Senior Data Scientist: Req ID: 22804 Experience Level: Professional Other Location(s): N/A Relocation offered: Yes Travel required: None Come grow with us At Capital Group, how we work is defined by shared values that include absolute integrity, respect and collaboration. But it’s more than that. It’s smart and highly driven people united in purpose to serve our investors and one another. Bring your energy and unique perspective to Capital and you’ll have the opportunity to grow with us professionally, personally, and financially. You’ll be part of a team that genuinely cares about helping you succeed. You’ll work alongside talented colleagues, many of whom build long careers while progressing through multiple roles, establishing lifelong friendships and making a difference in our communities. In return for your contributions, you’ll receive premier compensation and benefits, and a company-funded retirement plan that ranks among the most generous. Our Data Solutions team is focused on enriching core investment and distribution processes, quantitative analytics, reporting and analysis, and artificial intelligence. We are focused on defining Capital Group's investment data strategy to establish a comprehensive set of data capabilities. We are implementing and evolving to enable the full range of business objectives. We use data to minimize risk and increase efficiency/effectiveness. Our team is looking for a data expert to stand-up our fundamental capabilities to source, automate, and curate data with quality data access. Eventually you will help us build-out our Data Science function and mentor 3-5 additional associates. Responsibilities: Leverage structured and unstructured data to solve tactical and strategic problems Develop machine learning and deep learning models to create intelligent software applications used by Investment Operations teams Create pattern recognition algorithms by identifying and integrating internal and external sources of information using analytical tools and techniques Perform complex data manipulation and analytics, while working with business functions to identify and to respond to complex technical and business problems Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and senior managers Qualifications: Master’s degree required 4+ years’ directly applicable experience leveraging data to drive significant business impact Creating new methodologies in the intersection of applied math, computer science, and statistics Proficiency in translating business problems into concrete mathematical framework Communication Skills: Clear and concise Storyteller Adapt to different audiences Data visualization and presentation Technical Skills: Programming Quantitative analysis Machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing Data mining algorithms Data analysis languages; Python, R, Matlab, or SAS Cloud analytics platforms; Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud Distributed Systems Query languages; Spark, Hive, Pig SQL Write efficient code; Python, Scala, F, Java, C, C++ Company Overview: Founded in 1931, Capital Group is one of the world’s largest and most trusted investment management companies and home to the American Funds. We manage more than US$1.39 trillion in assets, and our 7,500 associates make our clients their first priority every day. When we do our job right, millions of investors around the world fulfill their dreams and financial goals, from home ownership and higher education, to a comfortable retirement. Our long-term investment results and outstanding service set us apart from our competitors, while our workplace sets us apart from other employers. _We are an equal opportunity employer, which means we comply with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit discrimination when making all decisions about employment. As equal opportunity employers, our policies prohibit unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including gender and gender identity), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, AIDS/HIV status, political activities or affiliations, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law._
 Data Scientist: ALG has been the industry leader in forecasting residual values, the amount of retained value a vehicle will have at a future date, for over 50 years. Every automotive manufacturer and most of the top leasing institutions in North America utilize our forecasts. The data science team at ALG is responsible for building, maintaining and demystifying the prediction algorithms that power these residual value forecasts leveraged so heavily throughout the automotive industry. Our team is accountable for every data point we output and strives to provide industry-leading analytics that are accurate and accessible. Right now, we’re looking for a Data Scientist who will have the freedom to utilize the latest technologies to solve challenging problems, create innovative machine learning processes from the ground up and develop the tools for monitoring them. We are a mature and tight-knit data science team looking to add another top-shelf team member ready to make a difference in the automotive industry. Join us! ABOUT THE JOB: Daily emersion in automotive industry data Build, maintain and iterate on production level machine learning algorithms Collaborate closely with technology and engineering teams to improve existing processes and build out new ones Work with product team to research and develop the analytics that will power new products Create visual reports in Tableau for internal and external clients that summarize findings Team environment that encourages sharing of ideas to build the best predictive algorithms Ad-hoc data analysis and reporting WHAT YOU NEED: Enthusiasm for the automotive industry Curiosity and passion for solving problems with data Experience building production algorithm monitoring systems and pipelines Ability to communicate complex ideas to any audience, ranging from teammates to business executives 1+ years of professional experience working with large datasets 1+ years of professional experience with statistical programming software (Spark, R, Python preferred) 1+ years of professional experience with database software (RedShift, Hive, SQL, MYSQL) Master’s Degree in Statistics, Data Science, Economics, or related field NICE TO HAVE: Experience with automotive market data Experience building data pipelines in AWS Some shareable examples of data visualizations you have created Experience deploying machine learning models into production with an API PhD in Statistics, Data Science, Economics, or related field Location(s): Santa Monica Offices
 Data Scientist: As a member of our Data Science team, you will be a fundamental force in shaping our company’s data strategy innovating the $85B digital and linear television advertising market. Your work will have an outsized impact on tools we’re building: forecasting, planning, allocation, and audience behavior prediction. Prerequisites PhD in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or other scientific field Postdoctoral work experience (academic or industry) Experience building data models, and managing ML pipelines with tools such as Python, Julia, R, and Apache Spark SQL fluency and an understanding of relational data models Comfortable in the Linux environment A master-of-all-trades mentality and an ability to embrace new challenges regularly Eager and energized to work with some of the latest open source technologies Authorized to work in the US Able to work on-site in Santa Monica Responsibilities Collaborating with the product team throughout project inception, development, and release Leveraging petabyte-scale data sets representing the total US video and TV audiences Building new, and scaling out existing data models in support of audience segmenting Working with the data-engineering team to productionize ML pipelines Bonus Points Experience with time series analysis, e.g. LSTMs and ARIMA Experience with probabilistic graphical modeling Working with large-scale Spark applications Domain experience with digital and/or linear tv advertising VideoAmp is a rapidly growing start-up in the video & TV advertising space. We are the marketplace that enables advertisers and content owners to transact on a new cross screen currency. Our vision is to build the most comprehensive video and advanced TV advertising platform available and we’re quickly on our way to achieving that. The ideal candidate's best qualities are attention to detail and accountability. They need little coaching and excel in self-motivated environments. This is a place for people who want to make a large impact, who have an entrepreneurial spirit, and who are dedicated to personal and professional growth.
Data Scientist: Job Duties & Responsibilities Bring Creativity to Data products. Analyze transaction data. Build models to predict possible finance operation inconsistencies. Use machine learning methods to perform transaction matching (matching algorithms). Cleanse raw data for use in models. Perform data munging, data mining, clustering & classification methods, pattern recognition. Comfortable with Statistics, Calculus & Multivariate analysis. You will work closely with a small R&D team with Product Managers, Data Engineers & Analysts. The R&D team will experiment with the data and come up with POC's. Familiar with SQL, Python, R, Spark MLib, AWS, SQL Server, Redshift. Most of the data currently lives in SQL Server. We are experimenting with AWS Redshift as well. Python for coding and someone with experience with Spark MLib & Machine learning is a big plus. Qualifications Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches. Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources. A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data. A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision. Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner. Familiarity with relational databases and SQL Expert knowledge of an analysis tool such as R, Matlab, or SAS Strong working knowledge of financials Acquired skills would include Data Warehousing, ETL, BI, Data Mining, and Machine Learning. Strong written and verbal skills – able to explain the work in plain language MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science or other quantitative disciplines
Data Scientist: Requirements: Expertise Analytics & Reporting Job Type Full-Time Regular Location IL - Chicago
Data Scientist, Nike: This is your opportunity to match your creativity and love for data to continue to grow business and fame for a favored local Global Sportswear retailer. The Data Scientist for TBWA\Engage is a creative soul, responsible for organizing and collecting large datasets from all kinds of different sources, (web APIs, internal databases), performing exploratory data analyses, use statistical and econometric techniques on said datasets, identify the best techniques to identify causal impact and attribution, and develop, implement and deploy different modeling projects as required by the agency clients to create actionable initiatives. Responsibilities Provide POV's in new marketing analytics methodologies, techniques, tools & technology Derive and write clearly articulated key findings and observations from analyzing various data sources and determine a strategy on actionable next steps. Stay abreast of industry trends, best practices, and the evolving analytics landscape. Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends. Communicate results and actionable ideas for business growth to key decision makers. Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis. Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design. Requirements 2-4 years of work experience in marketing analytics or related field such as advertising, direct marketing, online marketing, loyalty marketing, using data to solve complex Marketing problems. Working knowledge of marketing/advertising/research principles. 2+ years’ practical experience on data processing, database programming and data analytics using programming languages such as R, Python, Java, SAS, SPSS, SQL, etc. Advanced skills in Excel functions: Pivots, advanced formulas/macros, multi-spreadsheet links. Background in data mining and statistical analysis. Able to understand various data structures and implement common methods in data transformation. Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills. Alignment with our Engage values Data is human, entrepreneurial, nimble and scrappy, big brands/all budgets. Leave ego at the door. Our ambition is to create compelling, effective communications for our clients that lift their businesses and brands. Ideas are our business. We believe that great ideas can come from anywhere. At the core we are a creative agency, and we see analytics as a truly creative discipline. Certain attitudes define how we work and are important in what we seek for our culture. Curiosity: Be open-minded to ideas wherever they come. Curious people are unafraid of change and growth. Collaboration: Be self-confident without a big ego and be eager to work with all types of people. Integrity: What we say is what we do - honesty and respect in our dealings are always required. Resourcefulness: To find ways to do whatever it takes for our clients and our people. Dedication: We celebrate passion and champion the entrepreneurial spirit. This is an incredible opportunity to grow and expand, to live up to your potential and to launch your career as an analytics expert. We are passionate about our work and you should be too. Join our dedicated team to see just how far you can go.
 Data Scientist, Customer Insights: Are you passionate about solving interesting and challenging big data problems using large-scale analytics and algorithms? If yes, you could be a great fit for this role with the Customer Insights team at Groupon. We are looking for a creative and innovative data scientist to drive strategic initiatives that will propel the future growth of Groupon. As part of this team you will focus on various data science problems including, but not limited to, personalization, customer affinities, customer preference, recommender system, email campaign targeting and product selection. The main responsibility for this role is to leverage user signals to drive net adds for Groupon – via activations, reactivations, and reduced attrition. There are many ways to activate/reactivate customers, and the person in this role will help guide decisions on investing in channels, deals, verticals, etc. that drive maximum growth, while strengthening long term customer value. Responsibilities Drive growth in Groupon’s customer base by adding higher quality activations (w/ higher customer value) - focusing on quantity and quality, and mitigating attrition. Help understand drivers of customer attrition, along with leading indicators to help develop initiatives to buck the trend. Lead long term projects that aim to answer open ended questions. Show end to end ownership and leadership; ideation through productionalization. Flood the room with elegant data science solutions and best practices in machine learning. Work closely with product and engineering teams to form good hypotheses on how to improve the customer experience. Design, execute and measure experiments to test these hypotheses. Productionalize solutions that show lift. Interpret and communicate insights and findings from analyses and experiments to product, service, and business managers. Collect, aggregate and analyze data from multiple internal and external sources to drive insights into customer behavior trends and interactions with various business verticals Communicate findings and insight to stakeholders and provide business strategy recommendations for optimizing business performance Requirements Master’s degree or higher in Statistics or related field and 2-3+ years of relevant experience in data science and predictive modeling; including CRM related work. Demonstrated ability to garner insights from large data and present them in to influence the business. Ability to translate high level business problems into objective functions with concise and logical requirements Predictive modeling, recommender system, data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, and A/B testing; R, Python, Spark, or similar data science modeling language; Deployment of production data science models to drive business value; SQL queries for data analysis on Teradata, Hive or similar parallel database; Highly flexible, ability to handle changing directions/priorities and roles as business needs evolve Proven problem solving skills; systematic, analytical thinker with strong communication skills
Data Scientist: What’s significantly better than working on a typical data science team? How about working on a data science team in which you’re directly making an impact in the revolutionary field of artificial intelligence even as an entry level team member? (well, statistically significant that is). Pardon the pun, but at Spectrum we’re certain that our team is pumped up to work not only with like- minded data-savvy and fun loving professionals, but also to work with cutting edge new tools like our predictive, artificially intelligent proprietary software. So, if your confident that you want to make a direct impact in your next job today, then please keep on reading. Responsibilities Beyond working with state of the art technology you will have many different fantastic projects to work on as a Data Scientist at Spectrum. Here are just a few different responsibilities you can expect off the bat: Work with IT teams, management and/or data scientists to determine organizational goals Mine data from primary and secondary sources Clean and prune data to discard irrelevant information Analyze and interpret results using standard statistical tools and techniques Pinpoint trends, correlations and patterns in complicated data sets Identify new opportunities for process improvement Provide concise data reports and clear data visualizations for management Some Characteristics That Define You We understand that as a Data Scientist for Spectrum, you have many different professional goals and personal interests. As such here are just a few different things that typically define our team members on the Data Science team: Analytical. In order to solve problems and build innovative new digital marketing campaigns, it is essential that you know how to take an idea and analyze it from all of its angles. Patient. As a data scientist, you know that you work with extremely large data sets on a daily basis. As such we are looking for someone who is not only meticulous, but patient enough to sit and sift through that data in a thorough way. Creative. Beyond just analyzing data sets, you are an explorer and a puzzle solver. Pulling insights out of your data and understanding how those insights can better shape our tools is something that you live to do. Student. More so than most industries, the field of data science is always changing and evolving. As such, you are always looking to learn new things and gain new skills. Business-Savvy. Beyond the wicked data science skills you bring to the table, we also want you to consider the business implications of our data tools. From the ways our team will use them to how our customers will use them, we always want you to keep the user and the business application in mind. Required Skills and Experience On top of the many intangible skills you bring to the table, there are many skills that can help improve the efficiency and success of your work at Spectrum. Here are a few of those required skills and experience that you will come in with as a Data Scientist on our team: A bachelor’s degree/pursuing a bachelor's degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information systems, or a related field Experience with statistical modeling Fundamental knowledge of R and/or SAS languages Experience with SQL databases and database querying languages Experience with data mining and data cleaning Experience with data visualization and reporting techniques Written and verbal expression Benefits As a Data Scientist at Spectrum there are a ton of fantastic perks and benefits that come along with your work. Here are just a few of the benefits you can expect when joining the Spectrum family: Comprehensive medical & dental insurance Retirement planning & company matching Generous PTO, including sick days & holidays A state-of-the-art office environment Nintendo Switch in-office gaming such as FIFA, Arms, Mario Kart, and Rocket League Year-round gym memberships Paid continuing education Casual dress code Flexible scheduling Free-Lunch-Friday Company sponsored parties and group activities outside of the office
Senior Data Scientist: Requirements: Expertise Analytics & Reporting Job Type Full-Time Regular Location IL - Chicago, TX - Richardson
Data Scientist: Job Information Job Summary : The Data Scientist will work closely with faculty and researchers at the Department of Public Health Sciences and the Center for Data Intensive Science at the University of Chicago to obtain, manage and analyze data for several projects related to transportation systems and health policy. Examples include but are not limited to a project that aims to assess population level physical activity (bicycling and walking) in developing countries through the analysis of street and satellite imagery, and the analysis of in-vehicle telematics data to assess how road infrastructure affects driver behavior. This at-will position is wholly or partially funded by extramural funds (e.g., grant, gift, endowment) which are renewed under provisions set by the grantor. Employment will be contingent upon the continued receipt of these extramural funds and satisfactory job performance. If this position is eliminated due to the discontinuation of extramural funding a minimum of one pay period's written notice will be given (If exempt: 30 days, If non-exempt: 2 weeks), or pay in-lieu of notice. Responsibilities : Compile, organize and summarize large datasets, deriving new data products, and preparing datasets for specific analyses. Perform statistical analyses based on the individual's interest and skills. Design and implement procedures for data management and analysis that are both efficient and reproducible, and for writing corresponding documentation. Competencies: Required: Knowledge in relevant scientific field required. Knowledge of research techniques or methods required. Knowledge of regulatory policies and procedures required. Analytical skills required. Problem-solving skills required. Attention to detail required. Organizational skills required. Verbal and written communication skills required. Ability to work independently and as part of a team required. Ability to learn new research techniques or methods. Additional Requirements Education and Experience: Education: Required: Master’s degree in computer science or data analytics, with coursework in machine learning and in data analysis including spatial data analysis, predictive analytics and data mining. Preferred: Coursework in one or more statistical topics including (but not limited to) regression analysis, non-linear models, spatial data analysis, and time series analysis. Coursework in methods and tools for analyzing large datasets (e.g., parallel computing, Hadoop, Apache Spark/Storm, etc.). Experience: Required: Three years or more programming experience with at least one or more years in the manipulation and analysis of quantitative research data within an academic environment. Experience using cloud-based platforms and services (e.g., Google Cloud, AWS) and working with open source software projects. Solid knowledge of Python, at least one C-family language, and at least one data analysis environment (e.g., R, Stata, SciPy, etc.). Experience developing web-based applications and using relational and/or non-relational databases. Experience working with GIS software. Preferred: Experience in using data analytics for transportation systems (e.g., large scale image processing for vehicle detection) and/or health data (e.g., insurance claims data). Required Documents: Resume NOTE : When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualifications Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-08-07-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2019-02-07-08:00
 Data Scientist: You approach data with a mathematical mindset. You use a common language to access, explore and model data. You’ve honed your skills and take more holistic view to manipulate and leverage data to deliver business results and impact. You are excited knowing your analysis and interpretation of complex data, will help drive the decision-making of the business. If this sounds like you, read on! The Data Scientist will be required to work in a fast-paced and dynamic association environment. Primary responsibilities will include the ability to analyze, extract, and report relevant information from the Academy's business data to drive new measurement, product development, and continually improve our value chain proposition among our members and the orthopaedic medical community. The Data Scientist will use data mining and statistical reporting techniques to create new insights for business stakeholders. In this role, the incumbent will establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses that will tie into the Academy’s data repositories, as well as perform exploratory analysis across an open-ended pool of data. Under management direction assess and ensure that the Academy is harvesting and maximizing knowledge and insights gained from analysis of transactional and historical data. Acquire deep understanding of the business problems and proactively translate them into appropriate mathematical representations providing analysis for strategic priorities. Identify actionable patterns in data, and research data trends through regular reporting positively influence organizational decisions regarding industry and market changes thereby informing future product planning strategies. Lead and perform explanatory data analysis, generating and testing working hypotheses that identify patters and result in actionable outcomes for the Academy. Ability to analyze and interpret point-of-sale, membership, and engagement data in collaboration with internal business stakeholders by designing and implementing advanced models, leveraging statistics, mathematics and econometrics to support short and long-term business strategies. Serving as a champion for data governance and data quality initiatives, take analytical objectives to identify data quality issues. Working closely with data owners and stewards, recommend quality assurance plans that reduce and/or mitigate data inaccuracies and that identify new sources of information to augment AAOS data systems. Oversee the continued development of the Academy’s analytic and reporting capabilities, identify opportunities to improve existing tools and processes contributing to streamlined activities. Document business and technical feasibility assessments related to business requirements, evaluating gaps in data and technical capabilities, and communicating with business and technical teams on the responsibilities related to performing data analysis and data quality tasks. Establish processes that facilitate with the monitoring and development of work ensuring adherence to the data governance and data quality standards and assist with developing proofs of concepts or prototypes as required. Support the data management team to ensure that the Academy’s data repositories including associated data marts align with business analysis requirements and comply with industry best practices and recognized standards governing information security. TRAVEL: 10 to 15 days per year QUALIFICATIONS: Required: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or Mathematics with five years of professional experience working as a Data Scientist Proficient with analysis and reporting packages (e.g., R, Python, SAS, Tableau or PowerBI), programming languages (e.g., Java, Python) Advanced data analytical skills that include familiarity with common business intelligence tools; ability to extract, clean and transform customer and item- level data for the purpose of analysis, modeling, segmentation, and reporting Experienced working in a business environment with demonstrated skills in data visualization, statistical modeling, data mining and information retrieval tools and methodologies Demonstrable domain expertise in communications, product metric identification, improving data quality, A/B testing, and experimentation design and execution Ability to implement, maintain, and troubleshoot big data infrastructures Polished presentation skills; experience creating and presenting findings to executive level staff Strong written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills, with an ability to communicate ideas and solutions effectively Must be highly collaborative with the ability to manage and motivate project teams and meet deliverables Highly resourceful, organized and capable of working on multiple initiatives simultaneously with minimal direction Experienced in data governance, change management, and data stewardship best practices Knowledge of technical architecture, data integration, and a solid understanding of relational databases and content management systems is essential Proficiency in Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio) Desired: Previous work experience with medical associations or not-for-profit organizations Hands-on, technical experience with Association Management Systems Formal knowledge and experience with the Personify, Inc. association management system If this describes YOU, please apply by sharing the following: Clearly communicate why you are the ideal candidate for this role, providing specific examples and experiences as proof points. Attach your resume, cover letter, salary expectation and any additional materials that support your application
 Pricing & Promotions Data Scientist: Job description Groupon North America’s pricing & promotions team is responsible for giving our customers the right price and the right incentives to drive revenue and profitability. Through the tweaking of key business levers, like price, promotion and price display, our mission is to maximize conversion and deliver a great customer experience. We are looking for a creative and innovative data scientist to drive strategic initiatives that will propel the future growth of Groupon. As part of this team you will focus on various data science problems including but not limited to experiment design, deal price elasticity, customer promotion sensitivity, price display testing and pricing program selection. Responsibilities : • Design, implement, and deploy scalable algorithms and models that utilize large amounts of data for enhancing pricing, determining sensitivity to promotions, increasing conversion, and improving user experience • Analyze historical data and build forecasting systems to determine future business opportunities and metrics • Utilize advanced data mining and machine learning to personalize the user experience, increase user engagement and improve core business metrics • Conduct A/B test to predict contribution impacts from new models and algorithms • Collaborate with Engineering, Central Data Science, Product Management & various Marketing teams to data-driven insights that improve performance • Be a key part of setting pricing and promotional strategy Qualifications : Master’s degree or higher in Statistics or related field and 2+ years of relevant experience in data science and predictive modeling; Professional experience with: • Predictive modeling, recommender system, data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, and A/B testing; • Email marketing campaigns in a big data environment is highly preferred; • R, Python, Spark, or similar data science modeling language; • Deployment of production data science models to drive business value; • SQL queries for data analysis on Teradata, Hive or similar parallel database; • NIX environment is desired Who We Are, How We Work We provide a global marketplace where people can buy just about anything, anywhere, anytime. We’re enabling real-time commerce across an expanding range of categories including local businesses, travel destinations, consumer products, and live or lively events. At the same time, we are providing advertising options and tools that merchants can use to grow and manage their businesses. Culturally, we believe that great people make great companies and that starting with the customer and working backward moves us forward. Community matters to us on an internal, local and global scale—it’s fundamental to our company’s growth and to the well-being of the world at large. We also value self-awareness, candor, lunch and WiFi. If we match with you, please apply to join us. Industry Internet Employment type Full-time Experience 2+ years Job function Data scientist, statistician, big data analyst
 Data Scientist: Data Scientist - 180005R4 Zurich (Schaumburg, IL) seeks a Data Scientist to apply advanced analytical techniques to complex data sets in order to develop distinctive analytical and risk insights that deliver improvements in business results. Specific responsibilities include: understand and structure business challenges and opportunities for insight generation; generate hypotheses, from a broad range of sources and functions; scan a broad spectrum of internal/external, structured/unstructured data sources to define the optimal data set for testing the hypotheses; test and validate hypotheses to deliver improved business results; support synthesizing distinctive analytical and risk insights into compelling ideas and messages; improve analytic techniques for generating insights; support preparation of internal/external, structured/unstructured data sets to build/rebuild/refresh predictive models; establish and maintain collaborative relationships across the organization; utilize established financial systems to track budgets and highlight variances (either internal or within vendor contracts); develop simple business cases for defined projects using IT expertise, to determine potential benefits, clarify the rationale for investment and support the planning process; research best practice and review and analyze detailed business models to support senior management in improving IT processes and systems; act as technical expert in a specific process or product area, conduct process reviews and initiate change in order to contribute to continuous improvement of services to internal customers; provide specialist advice to address specific technical queries f rom internal clients and design/develop and deliver appropriate solutions; contribute to the delivery of assigned IT projects for specific lines of business, collaborate with IT colleagues as an approach for project/program management; solve internal customer issues or escalate appropriately to manager, internal partners or external vendors; record and report core metrics, and ensure internal partners and vendors meet defined policies/SLAs (service level agreements) on information management; work with colleagues across the IT function to ensure plans are aligned to functional DR&BC; plans and policy. Position requires occasional travel within the U.S. Must be willing to work extended hours during peak periods. Position requires a bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or related quantitative field plus 2 years of experience in the job offered or as Manager-Business Analytics, or similar position. Specific experience must include 2 years of experience with each of the following: modeling using generalized linear models or machine learning; constructing modeling files with dataset inputs that are large (1 million+); identifying and evaluating external data sources to support predictive models; converting business ideas into objective, testable hypotheses; getting models into production; and working with one of the following programming languages: Python, SAS, or R. Position requires occasional travel within the U.S.. Must be willing to work extended hours during peak periods. Full time position. Apply by submitting your resumes at Zurich.com/en/careers, Job ID: 180005R4 Primary Location : United States-Illinois-Schaumburg Schedule : Full-time Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Job Posting : 07/27/18 Unposting Date : Ongoing
 Data Scientist: Description: RCG is a clearing member of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, ICE Futures US and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation that specializes in execution and clearing services of futures and options for its customers and affiliates. We are located in downtown Chicago and are a recognized innovator in trading technology that delivers cutting edge solutions to a global client base. The Data Scientist role will be responsible for process automation and business intelligence analysis within the financial information system. This individual will be able to think on their feet in a fast paced environment and have intuitive troubleshooting skills. A professional demeanor and excellent communication abilities are essential. The individual will both participate and lead projects within the department with minimal supervision. We expect the individual to be proactive, highly motivated and able to provide creative solutions for business processes and analytics. Responsibilities Process automation. Provide business intelligence. Analyze and understand business processes. Data management. Design and maintain financial information systems. Collection, storage, retrieval and utilization of data. Implement processes that improve and lead to greater data quality. Creative problem solver who thrives when presented with a challenge. Able to analyze problems and strategize for better solutions. . Requirements: Strong programming skills in R, Python and any one of the major object-oriented programming language (Java, Scala, C++, C). 3+ years’ of business, statistical or technical experience. Familiarity with relational databases and SQL is a plus. MS in Applied Statistics, Statistics, Computer Science, or advanced Math or Engineering strongly preferred. A self-motivated personality with a passion for solving complex problems. Analytical and problem-solving abilities, with keen attention to detail. Effective written and oral communication skills, with the ability to present ideas in user-friendly language.
 Data Scientist: XX This Role can be based out of Chicago or Mount Olive, NJ This is an exciting time at Mars. We’re using digital, data and user insights to transform our business by finding answers to problems that we’ve often never asked ourselves before. From joining the dots to improve our Petcare data ecosystem, to streamlining the efficiency and automation of our supply chain and quality operations, we’re already seeing some brilliant results. In fact, we’ve built so much momentum that we’re now looking for industry leaders in Business Translation, Data Science and Data Engineering with different and complementary skills to influence how we operate and grow beyond anything we’ve achieved before. Join us, and discover a company set up to develop your capabilities and ambitions and a group of colleagues ready to support and inspire you. Working together, we’ll create a better world for our planet, our communities and our pets. _What you’ll do_ Inspiring the whole Mars business to adopt data driven decision-making by developing advanced analytics methods is huge in your role. How? By mining vast amounts of data from company databases for insights that will help solve business problems and ultimately make Mars more profitable. Working in a small multidisciplinary team alongside the Global Analytics, Data Engineering, Business Translation and AI teams, you’ll partner with Product Owners to solve problems that real users face using advanced digital techniques. That also means closely collaborating with users from our segments and markets around the world to find the right problems to solve. More than that, you’ll use this direct user exposure to invent true ‘firsts’. That’s new and emerging approaches that Mars, and maybe even the industry, haven’t seen before. A big part of your role will be choosing the most appropriate technique, based on business need and available data, to develop custom data models and algorithms. As part of that, you’ll also create processes and tools to monitor and analyse model performance and data accuracy. All the time, balancing time to deliver with level of detail and accuracy. Working with different functional teams, you’ll implement your models and monitor their outcomes – making sure we’re conforming to data security standards at all times. Thinking about the newest technology, you’ll make sure we’re maximising our efficiency and productivity and provide subject matter expertise across the business whenever it’s needed. _What you’ll need_ To do all this, you’ll need: Bachelor’s degree in Analytics or related quantitative fields (statistics, Operations research, mathematics, econometrics etc.). An advanced degree is preferred. 2-3 years experience in applied data science role or equivalent. Ideally, it would be in CPG, Telecom or Financial services Knowledge and experience in modelling techniques and advanced applied skills. For example significance testing, GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining and social network analysis, using tools like Spark, Scala, SAS, R, Python, Bayesia, H2O, Storm, Yarn, and Kafka Experience using key external third party data sources including Nielsen/ IRI/ Storeviews, Kantar, Homescan Panel, Retail Execution, Shopper card, first party data and consumer surveys Experience querying databases (SQL, Hive) and working with big data platforms such as Hadoop ecosystem (Azure), including in-memory solutions (SAP HANA and Apache Spark) Working knowledge of data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, D3, ggplot, to deliver output to the broader business community to improve decision making and productivity Strong communication and presentation skills So, if you’ve got the skills we need and you’re looking for the opportunity to really make a mark in a world-renowned and supportive business going through a period of fast and massive digital transformation, this could be the role you’ve been waiting for. Mars is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.
 Data Scientist: Position Summary: Kemper Corporate Services has an immediate need for an experienced Data Engineer to work from our downtown Chicago office. This position will be responsible for implementing business solutions utilizing all aspects of the system development life cycle. Strong analysis, design, organizational, and communication skills are required You must have the ability to work well with a team in a fast paced environment, meet deadlines, and communicate effectively and professionally with employees at all levels. Position Responsibilities: Develop efficient applications primarily utilizing Python Adhere to coding and testing standards Create and maintain documentation Utilize the system development life cycle to take projects from inception through implementation Strong analytical and problem solving skills Share knowledge, communicate effectively and professionally Position Qualifications: 3+ years’ experience with Python development or 5+ years’ experience in a development environment and some Python proficiency Competence with SQL a plus Our employees enjoy great benefits: Qualify for your choice of health and dental plans within your first month. Save for your future with robust 401(k) match, Health Spending Accounts and various retirement plans. Learn and Grow with our Tuition Assistance Program, paid certifications and continuing education programs. Contribute to your community through United Way and volunteer programs. Balance your life with generous paid time off and business casual dress. Protect what you love with discounts on home and auto insurance products. Get employee discounts for shopping, dining and travel through Kemper Perks. Kemper at a glance With $8 billion in assets, Kemper is one of the nation's leading insurers. The Kemper family of companies specializes in home, auto, life, health and valuables insurance products for individuals, families and businesses. Kemper’s underwriting companies are rated A- (Excellent) by A.M. Best Company, the leading insurance industry rating authority. Kemper services six million policies and ranks among the top 25 personal lines property and casualty writers and the 2016 Ward’s 50 Top Performers list of life insurance companies. Alliance United Insurance Company is not rated. We value diversity and strive to be an employer of choice. An Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V -MO +CB -LJ -GD -IN -MSJ -PT
Data Scientist I: Responsible for advanced and predictive data analytics using big data and data science technology for healthcare innovation. Perform analysis using data science techniques on structured and unstructured data sets, and develop algorithms for targeted business needs. Designs and develops data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions. Design and construct analysis tools that extract, and analyze data and store analytical results in an appropriate format for business needs. Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex data sources and build key data sets to support company mission operational analysis. Evaluate and design experiments to monitor key metrics and identify improvement opportunities. Develop of mathematical and statistical models to distinguish relevant content or events and recognize patterns. Participate in presentations and communicate results of research analysis and findings. Participate in the design of automated, operational analytics processes to achieve scale and durability of analysis processes. Create analysis and data reconciliation through SAS, R and other tools, to include healthcare provider data, claims data, membership data. Qualifications: Knowledge/Experience: Master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Informatics, Econometrics, Engineering, Experimental Science with 1+ years of experience or Bachelor’s degree and 3+ years of quantitative analysis experience in data science capabilities including data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, statistical modeling, large scale data acquisition, transformation, and structured and unstructured data analysis. Experience with database technologies, including Oracle, SAP, DB2, Teradata, MS SQL Server, SAP HANA, MySQL. Advanced knowledge of machine learning and statistical techniques such as hypothesis testing, regression, decision trees and ensemble techniques like random forests and boosting and the corresponding libraries in R or Python is strongly preferred. Proven ability to quickly research and understand relevant business subjects and new statistical and data modeling techniques appropriate to achieve business goals and priorities is preferred. _Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law._
Embedded Data Scientist: Job Information Job Summary: The University of Chicago Crime Lab team is seeking a Data Scientist to work directly with the Chicago Police Department Bureau of Technical Services. Under the supervision of the Chief of Technology, the data scientist will utilize terabytes of structured data and contribute directly to statistical methodology and technology that enable the department to better understand crime and outcomes of interventions. This role will also help support localized crime analysis being done in the Department’s highest crime districts through the Strategic Decision Support Centers (SDSC). See below for more information on the SDSC initiative: https://urbanlabs.uchicago.edu/projects/strategic-decision-support-centers Responsibilities: Become a go-to source of knowledge for CPD’s vast database of information, with the ability to quickly identify potential data sources for projects. Contributes to the design and implementation of an efficient and reproducible data processing pipeline. Builds and rigorously evaluates statistical models using best practices of machine learning and statistical inference. Prepares project memos, summaries, presentations, reports, and other work products for dissemination targeting both policymakers, academic researchers, and other stakeholders, as needed. Competencies: Advanced knowledge of computer science techniques. Strong interpersonal skills required. Strong initiative and a resourceful approach to problem solving and learning required. Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced environment required. Expert database skills. Proficiency in R and/or Python. Strong attention to detail with superb analytical and organization skills required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present data in a simple and straightforward way for non-technical audiences required. Additional Requirements Education, Experience or Competencies: Education: Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science, statistics, data science, economics or a closely related field required. Experience: Minimum 2 years related work experience required (experience gained in school counts towards requirement). Experience working with data to guide decision-making in public policy preferred. Experience working with large and complex datasets strongly preferred. Technical Knowledge or Skills: Proficiency with statistical data analysis and machine learning using Python or R is required. The ability to work in both is preferred. Bonus Points for prior analytical application development experience in Flask, Django, or R Shiny. Required Documents: Resume Cover letter: The University of Chicago Urban Labs is committed to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment for our staff and partners and we encourage applications from individuals whose backgrounds or interests align with this commitment. In your cover letter, please describe your perspective and experiences on diversity or evidence of how you have come to understand the barriers faced by historically and currently marginalized groups. Unofficial transcripts A sample of data work, such as a final report for a class project, link to a GitHub repo, or blog post NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application. Benefit Eligibility Yes Pay Frequency Monthly Pay Range Depends on Qualification Scheduled Weekly Hours 37.5 Union Non-Union Job is Exempt? Yes Drug Test Required? No Does this position require incumbent to operate a vehicle on the job? No Health Screen Required? No Posting Date 2018-06-18-07:00 Remove from Posting On or Before 2018-12-18-08:00
 Data Scientist: Start a Rewarding Career with Alliant Why Alliant? We’re not a typical financial institution – we’re better. We’re an innovative, fun-loving, highly-engaged group of professionals that are committed to our company and the communities we do business in. We love to recognize and celebrate each other. Over 90% of our employees say we are a great workplace that is focused on our mission, vision and the future of banking. What will your day look like? The Data Scientist provides balanced analytical research and strategies to drive insight to action. The incumbent will work closely with one or several lines of business leadership teams supporting their analytical needs. Responsibilities include performing a wide variety of complex analytical and statistical studies to address and solve research questions and business problems. In addition, the incumbent will conduct advanced analyses, leveraging such techniques as optimization, multivariate regression, longitudinal modeling, and probability theory. Responsibilities Do you see yourself doing this? Develop programming in R, SAS, SQL or similar analytical development tools Maintain knowledge in statistics, mathematics and/or comparable quantitative area of expertise Responsible for collaborating with analysts to facilitate the development and application of advanced analytic strategies and tactics Ascertain and apply strategies to identified business problems and existing organizational processes in order to provide leaders with insightful resources for decision-making and to increase sales, profit, market share, and achieve enterprise goals Establish parameters of ad hoc analyses by setting appropriate timeline and work quality guidelines Develop timely, innovative, and objective analysis which leads to fact-based solutions for strategic business issues Assist in the development of the problem definition and hypothesis formulation process as it relates to the specific business environment Conduct analyses, formulate insights, and summarize and synthesize findings for presentation to line of business management Maintain an understanding of general business trends and requirements for the major area of support, and understand the link between analysis and business impact Utilize R, SAS, SQL, Tableau or other analytical development tools with large data sets to design analyses and measure key metrics Support line of business analytical needs with dashboard/report development through Tableau and SAP BO Qualifications What makes you a great fit? You’ll be a great fit if in addition to the completion of a Graduate Degree in quantitative discipline such as mathematics, econometrics, statistics or data science required (Ph.D. preferred) with 4+ years of relevant experience in an analytical role with strong technical and business acumen, and you have: Experience with advanced regression analysis, probabilistic modeling, and/or machine learning / predictive analytics, including the ability to use tools like Python, and R, SAS Experience with business systems analysis or data analytics / business intelligence requirements gathering Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to simplify complex concepts and messages to the essential components and deliver effective messages to a wide range of audiences Strong desire to learn and continuously grow impact of the role Self-starter, well organized, extremely detail-oriented and a highly collaborative team member Experience writing specifications and/or user stories utilizing graphical UI concepts and process maps that are clear, concise and well organized Highly effective time and project management skills, including ability to coordinate development, testing and implementation Product Owner certification is a plus When you’re happy, we’re happy! As a thank you for joining our team, you’ll benefit from: Competitive medical, dental, and free vision benefits Competitive compensation plan Contributions towards gym memberships Generous PTO and banking holidays off Still not convinced? We’re on the list of 100 Best Medium Companies to work for, check it out here. For more details you can also visit our Glassdoor and LinkedIn profiles.
 Data Scientist: Job Description Performics is looking for a talented Data Scientist for an exciting opportunity on our Analytics & Technology team. You will participate in designing data models for a wide array of clients across several industries. Novel statistical approaches developed to solve business challenges will contribute to client solutions via in-house proprietary applications. Candidates will be considered based on their experience in statistical analysis, programming capabilities among several software packages, and success in independently managing large-scale client projects to delivery. Responsibilities: Collaborate with Performics teams to define and answer clients’ most pressing business questions to drive meaningful analytical results Performing analyses such as data model development, attribution modeling, advertising performance analysis, website analytics, text analysis, etc. Work directly with Performics teams to design, implement, and execute data solutions, learning agendas, and roadmaps improve marketing performance Work directly on updating and maintaining back-end models for analytics products Participate and contribute to practice development sessions with new approaches and innovations in data science and associated fields. To enjoy being challenged and solve complex problems on a daily basis Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to work in teams and collaborate with others to clarify requirements Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Computer Science/Engineering, Statistics or related quantitative field 5-7 years of data engineering or data science experience in R; SAS and Python are a plus Proficiency SQL and/or NoSQL; Tableau is a plus Experience in retail, health insurance and/or financial services preferred Proven leadership ability and strong, impactful client relationship experience Strong knowledge of one or more analytics disciplines including CRM, Predictive Modeling, Marketing Mix Modeling and Attribution, Business Intelligence & Data Warehousing Active interest / knowledge in disciplines such as Artificial Intelligence, Neural Networks, Machine Learning, Big Data etc. is a plus Strong consulting experiences. Able to quickly evaluate complex client issues and demonstrate experiences in solving client’s business challenges with analytic solutions Excellent communication skills including the ability to influence senior decision makers within agencies and clients Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 Data Scientist: Through its people and brands, CNH Industrial delivers power, technology and innovation to farmers, builders and drivers all around the world. Each of its brands, including Case IH, New Holland Agriculture, Case and New Holland Construction, FPT Industrial, Capital, and Parts & Service, is a major international force in its specific sector. The Data Scientist will apply data mining techniques, carry out statistical analysis and work on predictive models to provide the structure for sound data analysis and decisions. Responsibilities Include: Create interactive dashboards and visualizations Apply supervised and unsupervised modeling techniques to data to generate predictions and uncover patterns Develop hypothesis statements and applies statistical testing to determine causality and generalize observations Solve problems by applying a variety or predictive modeling/machine learning/deep learning techniques Maintain a comprehenive understanding of the current analytical landscape, include emergent technologies and methods Performs data aggregations, joins, manipulations and cleaning to ensure data integrity throughout the entire analytical process The qualified candidate will have: Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science or otherwise research-based field 2 plus years of experience writing complex SQL queries preferably in Hive or Impala 1 plus years of professional or academic working on Linux/Unix servers. Some knowledge of Linux or Bash. Can interact with the OS at the command line Graduate level coursework in statistics or 1 plus years of professional experience performing statistical analysis. Excellent statistical skills that are grounded in a thorough understanding of testing and frequentist/Bayesian methodologies Understanding of supervised and unsupervised learning techniques including; variable selection, feature engineering, model generation, model diagnostics and deployment. Graduate level course work in machine learning or 1 plus years of professional experience building machine learning models The preferred candidate will have: M.Sc. Degree in Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science or otherwise research-based field Proficient with either Python or R Experience with Microsoft data science tool stack on Azure Experience in product development or manufacturing industry Functional knowledge of version control tools such as Git. Any previous experience with Git Equal opportunity employer. This company considers candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
Data Scientist - Artificial Intelligence: The Data Scientist is an integral part of the Marketing Analytics team that utilizes the power of Artificial Intelligence to drive customer personalization and marketing effectiveness. This position will build machine learning applications, conduct statistical analyses and construct large scale prediction systems in a fast-paced, data-focused retail environment. The Data Scientist will also act as a subject matter expert, communicating the value and application of artificial intelligence across multiple internal business groups. PRINCIPAL JOB DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES 1\. Design and develop autonomous programs that optimize marketing tactics and generate efficiencies across the organization. 2\. Develop a strong partnership and collaboration with the internal Ulta Beauty teams, performing as a team member who consults on how to attain the business goals by leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning. 3\. Select features, construct and enhance classifiers using machine learning techniques 4\. Solve business problems by leveraging advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning approaches 5\. Explain and present complex approaches in a concise manner to garner buy in from business partners 6\. Assess and understand the cost/benefit relationship of developing and deploying learned models based on business needs 7\. Ensure data integrity by leveraging proven methodologies, including data reconciliation, data integration and data audits. 8\. Mentor less experienced team members on AI/machine learning methodology and techniques
 Scientist - Data and Statistics: We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours. Meet the CIEO team: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfMzLZsHPfk Overview Responsible for identifying business trends from big data sources to enable faster and better decision making. Engages in supporting project teams in value added activities that generate practical solutions to complex business problems, explores new business alternatives, and drives improvement in business decisions through product and data knowledge and market trends. In addition, must have in-depth subject matter and professional expertise as well as thorough knowledge of the internal/industry data sources which render professional opinion an essential component of the job. Responsibilities Investigates and identifies patterns in big data to generate business insights. Responsible for sourcing data leveraging their expertise for product enhancements, and/or research & development activities as part of a team, with an orientation to generating practical business s insights, solutions and delivering value. Leverages in-depth knowledge of business data/systems and understanding of the business process to identify and implement solutions and influences business processes that will result in significant bottom-line contributions and/or efficiency improvements. Stays abreast of changing business trends, data sources, and tools and enables the company in staying ahead of its competition. Sets short-term direction for research efforts and/or analyses. Designs and/or implements analysis to drive critical financial, operational, and/or strategic decisions. Drives management decisions through descriptive and inquisitive data analytics using tools such as SAS, machine learning, BI tools, and/or other data extraction tools. Designs and develops models for several efforts, and interfaces with client organizations and IT. Some communication and presentation to organization leaders are required, with emphasis on data visualization skill, quality, and timeliness. Share accountability for training other staff professionals within the organization. Mentor individuals for acquiring and/or maintaining the technical skills for which scientist can serve as the subject matter expert. Required BS in a quantitative field such as Engineering, Statistics, Finance 4+ years of airline or related business experience at successive levels of analytical field solving complex business problems In depth experience in data modeling through use of either statistical/machine learning toolkit such as SAS, R, Python, JMP, Minitab and/or BI tools like Spotfire and Tableau In-depth knowledge of United/Industry data sources Advanced quantitative skills, subject matter knowledge and data source expertise in multiple business areas, good business technical communication, verbal/written communication and presentation and sales skills Adaptability to changing business environment Good interpersonal skills and ability to interact with clients at all levels and influence business strategy Stays abreast of changing industry trends and enable the company in staying ahead of its competition Preferred MS degree in Quantitative field Proficient with Microsoft Office Data Mining 2+ years of demonstrated ability in innovation to create business value through data analytics, predictive modeling, information retrieval, machine learning and/or Artificial Intelligence techniques Other Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualifications Reliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position INDUAL Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT
 Data Scientist: If you have experience with data science, you have a wealth of opportunities to grow your career. How about an environment with extraordinarily talented peers? How about a company offering a range of both big data products and professional services to expand your skills? How about an organization working on cutting edge projects that many of the biggest companies simply can't execute on their own? Are you looking to join a startup where you can directly contribute to the establishment of one the next great high tech companies? Then Kogentix, now hiring Data Scientists, may just be a perfect fit. Responsibilities Create data pipelines using big data technologies like Hadoop, Spark etc. Create statistical models using distributed and standalone models to build various diagnostics, predictive and prescriptive solution Utilize a broad variety of statistical packages like SAS, R , MLIB, Graphs, Hadoop, Spark , MapReduce, Pig and others Refine and train models based on domain knowledge and customer business objectives Deliver or collaborate on delivering effective visualizations to support the client business objectives Qualifications Knowledge of machine learning and ability to create reliable predictions Fluency in R or Python in the context of scripting, data visualization and machine learning Extensive experience with SQL, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, MapReduce: Write UDFs to analyze unstructured data Experience turning ideas into actionable designs. Able to persuade stakeholders and champion effective techniques through product development Comfortable working in a dynamic, research-oriented group with several ongoing concurrent projects Very strong verbal and written communication skills as well as excellent presentation skills 5+ years of industrial or academic data-mining / analytics experience including applied techniques in data mining, machine learning, or graph mining using R, SPSS, Python, Matlab, or Java Must have a PhD or Masters in a domain linked to applied statistic’s, applied physics, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision etc.
 Geospatial Data Scientist: Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description Data Discovery and Decision Science (D3) is the research and analytics organization at Allstate. We are solving some of today’s most complicated analytics problems, making the lives of our Allstate colleagues easier and more productive, and driving our mission to deliver perfect insurance solutions to our customers. We are avid about learning and applying new tools and techniques to get the most value from our massive data resources. The Geospatial Team in D3 is responsible for collaborating with clients in Allstate, enabling them to make objective business decisions by providing analytical insight and ensuring trusted, actionable data. We are experts in geoinformatics, remote sensing, spatial statistics and photogrammetry and we're responsible for model development and analytics that support a variety of projects. Our work spans across several domains, including automotive telematics analysis, focal points in fraud detection, major storm risk analysis and others. As a Geospatial Data Scientist, you will be responsible for developing geospatial analysis solutions independently and in collaboration with other geospatial scientists. This will include assembling and rationalizing geospatial data from a variety of sources, including Allstate databases, State and Federal data sources, and other disparate sources. You will have the ability to create geospatial products to support data analysis and visualization, and conduct analytical tasks independently and under the direction of geospatial scientists and clients. You'll utilize your proficiencies in spatial analysis and data engineering to effectively support geospatial analysis, develop complex analysis solutions, and answer ad hoc mapping and data requests. Responsibilities: Work with team members to analyze data requirements and research and propose source data to meet requirements. Provide complex geospatial vector or raster data extraction and analytical support. Inspect and clean data to provide useful information. Support the needs of modeling and analytics by delivering geospatial data based on client requirements. Utilize an array of data sources, all in different forms and with different tools or methods, to create a solution. Create mapping products, analytical models, and visualizations to support analytics and decision making. Suggest conclusions to the client for decision making. Troubleshoot data quality issues - identifying root cause/system & documentation/communication of resolution. Collaborate with various teams in the testing/profiling of data and validation of newly captured data to ensure accuracy. Create scripts in Python, Java and SQL to automate geospatial tasks. Create deployable geospatial dashboards to allow our clients to interact with the geospatial data. Job Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a field requiring geospatial analysis, such as Geography, Environmental Science or Geology. 4-5 years of related experience (advanced degree can be substituted for experience). Advanced-level proficiency using ESRI software suite, including ArcGIS extensions. Strong analytic, cartographic, and presentation skills. Strong understanding of geospatial data, including coordinate systems, grids and projections and transformations. Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets. Intermediate Microsoft Office skills. Technical fluency in the development of Python scripts to automate ArcGIS processes. Ability to develop data queries using SQL. Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to effectively collaborate with multi-disciplinary groups and all organizational levels Other software/programming languages with key analytic applications (such as Oracle PL/SQL, PostGIS, Python, R) a plus. Knowledge of Big Data tools (Hive, Map/Reduce) a plus. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.
 Associate Data Scientist: Overview Contribute to a Safer, More Secure, and More Sustainable World. At UL, we know why we come to work. Thousands of us around the world wake up every day with one common purpose – to make the world a safer, more secure, and more sustainable place to live. We clear the way for our customers to introduce the latest products, technological advances, and systems in an increasingly complex world so they can provide peace of mind to the market. Our integrity is woven throughout our company and shapes the way we approach and deliver our solutions. We are proud that the work we do every day has a meaningful contribution to society. We continue to build upon our legacy of trusted expertise and partnership to keep our communities safe and secure as we march forward into the future. This helps us to sleep better at night, and we are confident that the millions of people we touch rest easier too. Responsibilities The Associate Data Scientist will develop programs to collect, clean, and analyze data from the web and other digital sources. Performs statistical analysis on collected data to identify, validate and quantify trends or patterns based on guidance from business or research leaders. Uses mathematical concepts and theories to identify how patterns in data can support solutions to business problems. Job Responsibilities Identifies sources of credible data and develops necessary scripts to retrieve data from a variety of digital formats. Cleanses and transforms data to provide initial structure using appropriate methods for each data type, e.g. Efficiently applies a set of regular expressions to cleanse text data. Leverages natural language processing (NLP) techniques with statistical methods to provide and initial assessment of language content within a document. Conducts analysis of inter-connected information between datasets with efficient scripting and visualization methods. Executes existing data models and validates results in accordance with new or modified data; records results into an organized report. Qualifications University Degree (Equivalent to Bachelor’s degree) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or a related discipline plus generally two years of experience in data and statistical analysis Working knowledge of Python; experience with numerical analysis using R or Matlab Knowledge of markup languages HTML, XML and structured data types JSON Demonstrated experience in statistical analysis and applying the scientific method Familiar with common data analysis / machine learning frameworks; e.g. SciKit-Learn, Pandas, NLTK, Tensorflow, Theano, etc. Excellent communication skills, can relate technical concepts to a general audience Knowledge of Unix and application logic language skills including Python, R, Scala, Java, C++, and C _Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis without sponsorship both now and in the future._ _Applicants must be able to relocate without financial assistance._ CB
Data Scientist - Applied Technology: Job Summary Given substantial growth and impact at Crowe, the machine learning team has formed into an official unit, Advanced Data Science (ADS), which is responsible for all machine learning and artificial intelligence throughout the firm. This team works on a wide variety of projects utilizing numerous areas of machine learning, including: supervised regression/classification, unsupervised learning, anomaly detection, NLP, reinforcement learning, deep learning, forecasting, etc. Leverage large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights. Collaborate with analytic and data teams to set objectives, approaches, and work plans. Research and evaluate new analytical methodologies, approaches, and solutions. Develop and validate statistical forecasting models and tools. Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers. Qualifications Education Advanced degree (Masters at a minimum) in a quantitative field in one or more of the following: Statistics Computer Science Data Science Engineering Physics Mathematics Computational Social Science [or similar academic pedigree] Experience 2+ years of experience in advanced analytics and machine learning model development and validation 2+ years of experience working on analytic-based projects and delivering results within scope, funding, and duration Required Skills Experience with a statistical package and various programming languages such as R, Python, Java, C++, SAS, Matlab, etc. Experience with standard classification and regression techniques, including dimension reduction, feature selection and hypothesis testing Strong communication skills with ability to explain modeling results to non-technical users Capacity for a high degree of autonomy and out-of-the-box thinking Preferred Skills Experience with forecasting, anomaly detection, and clustering techniques Neural networks (Feed-forward, CNN, RNN) Experience writing SQL queries and linking to enable read/write to the database Parallel Processing (CPU & GPU) Cluster and cloud computing: Spark, Mesos, Azure ML, Kubernetes, etc. API Implementation (Flask, plumber) About the Team: Applied Technology professionals at Crowe lead the software development efforts for the firm and build technology solutions in a consistent and reliable way. Applied Technology owns the software development competency for the firm, which is tied to standardized processes, practices, policies and controls for client-facing products and projects. Team members share expertise across various industries, targeting manufacturing and distribution, government, healthcare, financial services, and private equity groups based on demand from other Business Units. You will learn and build on a wide range of technologies in an environment where innovation and new ideas are highly encouraged. Hop on board to join one of the fastest growing technology consulting practices in the industry! Our Benefits: At Crowe, we know that great people is what makes a great firm. We value our people and offer employees a comprehensive benefits package. Learn more about what working at Crowe can mean for you. How You Can Grow: We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have the chance to meet on a consistent basis with your Career Coach that will guide you in your career goals and aspirations. Learn more about where talent can prosper. More about Crowe: Crowe (www.crowe.com) is one of the largest public accounting, consulting and technology firms in the United States. Crowe uses its deep industry expertise to provide audit services to public and private entities while also helping clients reach their goals with tax, advisory, risk and performance services. Crowe is recognized by many organizations as one of the country's best places to work. Crowe serves clients worldwide as an independent member of Crowe Global, one of the largest global accounting networks in the world. The network consists of more than 200 independent accounting and advisory services firms in more than 130 countries around the world. Company Overview Your Journey at Crowe Starts Here: At Crowe, you have the opportunity to deliver innovative solutions to today’s complex business issues. Crowe’s accounting, consulting, and technology personnel are widely recognized for their in-depth expertise and understanding of sophisticated process frameworks and enabling technologies, along with their commitment to delivering measurable results that help clients build business value. Our focus on emerging technology solutions along with our commitment to internal career growth and exceptional client value has resulted in a firm that is routinely recognized as a “Best Place to Work.” We are 75 years strong and still growing. Come grow with us!
 Senior Data Scientist: SENIOR DATA SCIENTISTS, Schaumburg, IL: Create data pipelines using big data tech like Hadoop, Spark, etc. Supervise & lead team of data scientists. Travel/relocate to various unanticipated locations as req'd. Send res to Kogentix Inc. 150 N Martingale Road, Suite 888, Schaumburg, IL 60173.
Data Scientist: 28Labs is the Chief Technology Office and innovation engine for Motorola Solutions. We are user-focused and outcome-driven, identifying problems and creating solutions based on research and engagement with our customers. Considering our customers' unique "jobs to be done" is a foundational principle of 28Labs. Based on their needs, we create solutions by applying our experience in user experience and design, advanced wireless communications and solutions, cloud & mobile application architecture, cybersecurity, user & human factors research, imaging, analytics, and artificial intelligence (AI). Software and hardware technology and platform solutions developed by 28Labs form the basis of many products and solutions offered by Motorola Solutions. We also manage the Motorola Solutions Venture Capital investments and intellectual property across the company. This candidate will work as part of the Data Science & AI Team in 28Labs (CTO). Job Description To be considered for the role, please submit a cover letter with a description of the most interesting data analysis you’ve done, key findings and its impact. Also include a link or attachment of code you’ve written related to data analysis. Motorola Solutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people’s lives. Our end-to-end suite of software solutions help our customers answer thousands of emergency calls and text messages, and process video, disparate evidence and records. Making sense of all this data and providing insights that potentially help save lives could be your job. With all this data, we’re looking for talented data scientists to join the Data Science team to help us better understand our users and build better products. If you are data curious, excited about deriving insights from data, and motivated by having an impact on the business, we want to hear from you. The candidate will join a team of data scientists and engineers in 28Labs at Motorola Solutions. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of scientists, engineers and product stakeholders on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving our products, and understanding the behavior of end-users to help them succeed in moments that matter. We look for the most advanced problems solvers - like you - to help us create technologies that rise to the challenges of our customers. You Will: Work closely with product and business teams to identify important questions and answer them with data Design core metrics that serve as the North Stars for team efforts and model trade offs across product areas Apply statistics, modeling, and ML to improve the efficiency of systems and relevance algorithms across our suite of solutions for public safety and commercial customers Develop, and improve algorithms that help our systems make recommendations based on predictive models under given constraints while optimizing key performance indicators Communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions The candidate will be a part of our Data Science & AI team in 28Labs at Motorola solutions in the role of a hands-on data scientist responsible for the entire end to end process of data exploration, development, implementation, and maintenance of business-changing models and algorithms. Unlike similar roles in the industry, the result of your work has the potential to impact the entire lifecycle of the public safety workflow impacting people's lives in moments that matter. Required Skills: 2+ years experience working with and analyzing large data sets to solve problems A MS or PhD in a quantitative field (e.g., Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering, CS) Expert knowledge of a scientific computing language (Preferably Python or R) and SQL Strong knowledge of statistics and experimental design Strong written and oral communication skills Desired Skills: Prior experience with data-distributed tools (Spark, Hadoop etc) Experience with machine learning on large datasets (deep learning and experience with Tensorflow, Keras etc. would be a plus) Experience with a variety of NLP methods for information extraction, topic modeling, parsing, and relationship extraction would be a plus Experience with Tableau or similar visual analysis tool, developing visually compelling interactive dashboards Activity in the Open Source community is a strong plus Basic Requirements 2+ years experience working with and analyzing large data sets to solve problems A MS or PhD in a quantitative field (e.g., Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering, CS) Expert knowledge of a scientific computing language (Preferably Python or R) and SQL Job ID 7250BR Travel Percentage Under 10% Relocation Provided None Position Type New Grad State/Region/Province Illinois EEO Statement Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to no discrimination because of race, color, creed, marital status, age, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, protected veteran, or any other legally protected characteristic.
Data Scientist: Who is Eventellect? Eventellect is the go-to partner for data-conscious sports and entertainment executives seeking to optimize ticket yield, revenue, and brand equity. We manage ticket inventory in real time across multiple online sales channels via our proprietary software platform, market trend analysis, and pricing algorithms. We create value for our various partners through our custom ticket management solutions. What are we looking for? We are looking for passionate, innovative, and driven people who want to be part of our growing company. We are actively expanding our Data Science team and are looking for an experienced Data Scientist. The Data Science team partners cross-functionally with departments (especially Pricing and Software) to drive actionable insights and solutions from rich, varied datasets. The _perfect_ candidate will have an excellent quantitative background, ability to address abstract business and engineering problems with extreme precision, the enthusiasm and attentiveness to self-start, and a comfortability communicating solutions to all levels of organizational leadership. What would you do? Assist the Data Science team in unearthing novel insights, serving as a “storyteller” Develop, test, and deploy predictive models; particular emphasis will be placed on unsupervised machine learning to augment existing business strategies Analyze and elucidate market pricing (in)efficiencies; build tools with automated alerting capabilities Conduct exploratory research, conveying findings into business cases for organizational action Visualize data, distilling key insights with sensibility and simplicity in mind Consult organizational leadership with strategic guidance on offering different services to different partners based on changing needs Facilitate novel data ingestion in tandem with Data Engineers Educate junior team members on best practices What do you bring? Penchant for critically assessing business processes and developing high-impact improvements or solutions Excellent technology skills that are used as a tool to maximize productivity and quality Disciplined decision-making and analytical skills with the ability to adapt and collaborate in a competitive and evolving environment Ability to work well under pressure and manage multiple tasks simultaneously; agility in a high-paced work environment Effective communication tactics for technical and non-technical audiences Enthusiasm for sports and live events Solid command of core business principles Commitment to safeguarding confidential information What is required to succeed? Bachelor’s Degree (B.A., B.S.) or graduate degree (preferred) Quantitative background in statistics, computer science, math, engineering or other technical field At least 4-5 years of experience in quantitative analysis At least 2-3 years of end-to-end experience developing/deploying unsupervised machine learning models Expert-level ability utilizing analysis tools – SQL and R/Python with demonstrable familiarity with code and programming concepts Advanced data visualization experience (i.e. ggplot, Tableau, Looker, MicroStrategy, etc.) Proficiency in Microsoft Office with expertise in Excel Ability to travel a few times per year Bonus: Experience with sentiment analysis, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Computer Vision What are the perks of working at Eventellect? A fast-growing company that’s respected in Houston (Houston Business Journal’s Best Places to Work 2017) and nationally (INC 5000 list of fastest-growing companies 7 years in a row). A competitive salary and bonus potential A comprehensive benefits package, including 90% employee medical coverage, as well as dental and vision coverage, basic term life insurance and short-term disability coverage Unlimited paid vacation policy A $1,000 annual ticket budget to spend on sports and other live events
Data Scientist: Arthur Lawrence is urgently hiring for Data Scientist for our client. Please find below the more details. Requirements: At least 10-12 years of experience as Data Scientist At least 7-10 years of experience in Sub-Surface Modeling from Oil & Gas domain Strong understanding in geomodelling grids and geo-statistics methods with experience interpreting and analyzing seismic, well-logs, and core samples data Expertise in advanced data analytics, machine learning techniques, and first-principles rule-based analysis for creating high-resolution reservoir models. Excellent knowledge of unsupervised learning techniques, model fitting, model evaluation, and expert level proficiency in using statistical analysis and machine learning software packages. PhD with experience in Oil & Gas domain doing sub-surface and reservoir modeling Expertise with subsurface and reservoir modeling tools such as Petrel and Techlog and Ocean software development framework Experience with business analysts and software developers for developing SaaS solution Please call Robert at 213 784 2016 or email at robert@arthurlawrence.net for more information.
 Data Scientist: Data scientists utilize their analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. Defines, manages, and evaluates business plans to ensure they are operationally executable against defined strategic objectives. Leads and partners with cross-functional teams to develop short-term (typically less than two years) business plans and supporting data-driven models. Prepares comprehensive implementation tactics, including execution plans, resource allocation plans, follow-up guidelines, assessment, and process accountabilities. Ensures that business activities are aligned with stated plans among different stakeholders. Sets business metrics, evaluates actual performance, and makes recommendations to business leaders on performance target achievement. Develops data-driven analyses to optimize resources and ensure that business plans can be translated into financial value. Responsibilities: Leads complex data and business analyses to develop business plans, and identifies recommendations and insights. Works independently to construct highly complex statistical and financial models to forecast business performance; coaches others on model development. Establishes the metrics required to measure business performance, and develops the process for identifying and addressing performance gaps. Manages complex, time- sensitive market research projects and prepares synthesized intelligence reports with clear implications. Leads cross-functional teams across the entire span of business planning activities. Contributes to priority projects by adding creative insights and developing recommendations. Partners with business leaders to develop business plans and proactively identify new opportunities. Develops go-forward business plan recommendations based on potential risks and returns. Identifies cutting-edge analytical tools, models, and methods for making key business decisions. Education and Experience Required: Requires 6 - 10 years work experience in strategy, planning, operations, finance, or related functional area. Advanced university degree (e.g., MBA) or demonstrable equivalent. Knowledge and Skills: Extensive knowledge of research methodology for key business issues. Excellent analytical thinking, technical analysis, and data manipulation skills. Ability to leverage new analytical techniques to develop creative approaches to business analysis. Extensive knowledge and understanding of how to analyze business problems using Excel, Access, statistical analysis, and financial modeling. Strong business acumen and technical knowledge within area of responsibility. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Very strong project management skills, including leading large, cross-functional initiatives. Strong relationship management skills, including partnering and consulting. Developed leadership skills, including team-building, conflict resolution, and management. Ability to identify emerging trends from market and industry data. Use this information to develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Data scientists commonly have a bachelor's degree in statistics, math, computer science, or economics. Data scientists have a wide range of technical competencies including: statistics and machine learning, coding languages, databases, machine learning, and reporting technologies Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.
 Product Data Management Specialist - Entry Level: Documents (VDD) Maintaining a corrective action process and problem reporting system to track problems written against controlled software and associated documentation Updating the problem reporting system to record Change Control Board dispositions Assist in defining, maintaining and implementing the formal SCM processes for controlling changes to documentation, simulation and flight software Managing the file repositories; managing the flight software baselines Building and distributing IFLs to program participants Creating Engineering and QA media Prepare Version Description Documents (VDD) Upload required documentation into NASA and Boeing databases Maintain and provide metrics to management as required Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. This position requires the ability to obtain badging for NASA facility access. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): AA Degree or higher in related discipline Microsoft Office proficiency Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Some experience with using command line software, such as UNIX, Linux, Oracle, or other software tools by either entering data or programming Should have analytical, communication and problem solving skills Typical Education/Experience: AA degree in related discipline. This position is located in Houston, Texas and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. No Engineering Core Entry Level No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company
Data Scientist: Job Location USA-TX-HOUSTON Position Type Full-Time DESCRIPTION At QRI, we are developing data-driven products to solve complex industry problems at the speed-of-light. We leverage the most recent advancements in technology and combine them with the brain-power of industry experts to create truly unique and valuable software. Our software engineering workflow is extremely high-paced and collaborative. We are looking to expand our agile technology team to include several more data scientists. As a Data Scientist , you would be responsible for creating lean solutions to machine learning problems, parallel computing opportunities, batch processing of large data sets, and possibly web scraping, virtual reality programming, and computer vision efforts. You should be willing to work on various projects at the same time, and thrive in a high-paced environment. Additional responsibilities and expectations: Processing, cleaning, and quality check of data used in QRI technologies Performing statistical analysis Comfortable with basic CRUD operations and designing APIs for efficient data consumption Adapt at determining opportunities for new data acquisition. This could be from a public data source (e.g., web scraping) or from an existing private database with an inflexible design. Selecting features and building/optimizing classifiers using machine learning Building prediction systems to be integrated with QRI technologies Excellent technical writing technique Work with full-stack developers and data engineers to explain product workflow, technical considerations, data models, API efficiencies QUALIFICATIONS BSc (MSs recommended) with GPA >= 3.5 in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields. Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms (e.g., clustering, Decision Forests, SVM, etc) Excellent statistics skills (e.g., distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.) Skilled and creative team player also able to work independently in a complex and dynamic environment. Be prepared with a demo of recent project work. TECHNOLOGIES WE LOVE: MATLAB, Python, R, JavaScript, Spotfire, MySQL, MongoDB Recommended: share your GitHub profile with us! WHAT WE VALUE: You're excited to work with others in complex and dynamic systems environments. You have a constant desire to grow and develop, to learn the cutting edge of new technology. You thrive in a fast-paced environment. You care about great design, in your code and technical architecture. You are comfortable with both large-scale and iterative development styles. You enjoy working with others, but are also an independent programmer.
Data Scientist: CGG is a recognized leader in subsurface imaging and our international teams are dedicated to solving our clients’ complex challenges. Come and join us to help build the most stunning images of the Earth's subsurface, using our massive computers capability. Thanks to our talented people and in-house technology, CGG is unique in the geoscience sector. Job Description CGG is currently looking for a creative and results-focused individual who enjoys working on open-ended problems. Your customers are world-class seismic imagers who strive to image the subsurface with a high degree of accuracy and resolution. Your challenge is to analyze the computational activities and demands of seismic imaging and, with your insights, propose solutions and applications for realms widely ranging from resource scheduling and allocations to automation of imaging-related computations in our HPC environment. In a nutshell, we expect you to propose solutions to known problems and also identify new areas where you can add value with your expertise. We want people who can work with a team to decide what to look for, and who also have the technical ability to go get it. Interest in data mining and machine learning is key, since these are the two areas where you may specialize. You will participate as an engineer on a development team, writing, testing, and deploying code to achieve your goals. We want you if you are an independent thinker and capable of analyzing requirements, extracting data for analysis, and developing algorithms and tools. We process seismic data at the petascale and warehouse information at the terascale. The stakes are high, but your impact can be higher. Must have current U.S. work authorization or qualify for sponsorship Qualifications Ph.D.in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Physics or a closely related field but an equivalent combination of educationand experience will be considered Proven Machine Learning experience Professional experience with Deep Learning Neural Network building Demonstrated experience with Deep Learning Framework such as Tensorflow and Keras Experience and/or education in at least one of the fields of Big Data, Data Mining, Predictive/Prescriptive Analytics, Optimization, Exploratory Analysis & Visualization Knowledge of relational databases, data modeling, and schema normalization techniques Familiar with SQL Passion for solving complex data engineering and modeling tasks Ability to perform testing based on different hypotheses to determine the impact on key performance indicators Excellent analytical skills and the ability to work in a collaborative team environment Preferred: Experience in programming (high performance computing is a plus) and developing databases Knowledge and experience with UNIX (Linux), Java, and XML Knowledge of Perl, R, and Spark Expertise in designing and implementing efficient algorithms We wish to thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. EOE _Our focus on performance and passion for innovation are powered by people_ _Our greatest resource is you_ Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. I'm interested
 Data Scientist - People & Engagement: Company: CORP Enclave Location: US-TX-Houston Zip Code: 77077 Minimum Level of Education: Bachelor's Degree Minimum Years of Experience: 3 Position Type: Exempt Travel Percentage: 0 More information about this job: OVERVIEW: At Sysco, we offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. We are looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why good things really do come from Sysco. POSITION SUMMARY: Compile and analyze data from multiple internal and external sources to identify relationships between employee activities and business results. Utilize various databases, software, and analytical tools to maintain relevant information and develop business analyses and deliverables (reports, etc.). Interpret and illustrate results of regular, on-going, and special analyses to support fact-based business decisions, including the development of associate engagement initiatives and human resource programs and strategies. RESPONSIBILITIES: Collaborate with Director, Engagement and VP, Total Rewards & Engagement to develop and implement HR data and business analytics strategy and methods. Identifies and compiles raw data elements and core business metrics from various internal and external sources in order to create and maintain a current database to perform both repeatable and special ad-hoc analyses and draw meaningful insights and conclusions. Contribute to the development of employee survey and other business data compilation methods. Drive the execution of periodic employee surveys in order to measure engagement and support the development of proactive business actions. Partner with internal and external stakeholders to establish efficient, accurate data gathering and transfer processes, administer surveys, and report on results. Work with leaders and HR Business Partners to interpret analyses, support action planning, efforts and track the impact of actions on business performance, employee engagement, etc., over time. Collaborate with colleagues in various functions to build analytics framework, including raw data requirements. Work with stakeholders to identify and create tracking/reporting protocols for key metrics that are aligned with Sysco’s business strategy. Collaborate with broader Sysco analytics efforts to ensure a unified strategic approach to people analytics. REQUIREMENTS: Education: Bachelors in Business, Economics, Statistics or related analytical field Experience: 3-5 years experience in data and business analysis, preferably in a Human Resources context; consulting experience preferred Technical Skills & Abilities: Able to identify and analyze data, discern trends, and draw relevant conclusions Critical thinking and strong analytical capabilities; statistical methods knowledge preferred Demonstrated project management and team coordination skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and strong attention to detail Able to illustrate and communicate technical concepts and analytical conclusions to create deliverables that are easily interpreted by non-technical users Able to multi-task, effectively managing a wide range of daily activities, both planned and unplanned Able to work as a productive, collaborative member of a team Advanced knowledge of Excel and other analysis applications; Tableau experience preferred; Workday experience a plus Intermediate knowledge other MS applications, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint Ideal candidate would have 1-2 years computer programming or statistical analysis Ideal candidate would have experience working with unstructured data sets and\or text analytics platforms Able to learn and navigate various software applications and data sources (e.g., SAS, SAP, HRIS, Survey Tools) Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. Sysco is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law. This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates. Employment Type: Full Time
Data Scientist: Functional Area: FA - Finance Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel Relocation Provided: No VARIABLE ANNUITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY INC Data Science is fundamentally changing the way we do business. At AIG Life and Retirement, we reinvent the business of financial services every day. Our mission is to help our participants retire confidently, improve our customer’s experience, and well, just be greater. We are a team of high performers with diverse backgrounds—our roster includes marketers, economists, computer scientists, mathematicians, psychologists, and more. While our degrees may be different, we all share a passion for data and a desire to make an impact. We are looking for talented, curious, and creative Data Scientists to join our growing team. You will be part of the decision and data science function for VALIC: including contributing to the development of predictive analytics, customer segmentation methodologies, marketing targeting, attribution and response models, as well as the evaluation of new data sources and perform advanced data processing technologies. What you will do: You will carry out data processing and analysis including statistical analysis, variable selection, dimensionality reduction, feature engineering, etc. Build predictive models utilizing both traditional statistical methods (Generalized Linear Models, Mixed Effects Models, Ridge, Lasso, etc.) and modern machine learning techniques (Gradient Boosted Trees, Random Forests, Kernel methods, Deep Learning, etc.). You will help with the design, development, evaluation and monitoring of predictive models and advanced algorithms that help business to drive decisions throughout the customer lifecycle (prospecting, acquisition, interactions, fraud, etc). You will apply your technical data/ETL/programming skills to ingest, wrangle and explore external and internal data to create reports, function as the data expert and prepare data for modeling and support production deployment of models OR apply your technical modeling skills to build worldclass predictive models for solving tangible business problems. Extract, clean, and manipulate large datasets (structured and unstructured) for model building. Communicate (written and verbal) insights from quantitative analyses to technical and non-technical audiences. Stay current on the latest machine learning and big data trends. Work with business sponsors and IT teams to implement analytic solutions. Train, mentor, and lead junior data scientists. Serve as a technical expert on one or more domains (e.g. Time Series Analysis, Text Mining, etc.) You will leverage methods from diverse disciplines like machine learning, statistical modeling, information theory, information retrieval and other areas to gain customer insights, draw conclusions and work with business partners to put those insights into action. You will work closely with business partners, technology and customer analytics teams to evaluate new and alternate data sources as well as computing paradigms and analytical tools. You will participate in data architecture decisions and partner with technology teams to implement models/algorithms in production systems. You will apply your high energy level and business sense to communicate with internal stakeholders and external vendors while effectively contributing to complex analytics projects. You will be part of a growing and exciting team and will help document your assumptions, methodologies, as well as carry out validation and testing to facilitate peer reviews and independent model validation. What you bring to the table: Advanced degree (PhD or Masters) in quantitative areas like Applied Math, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or related disciplines. You have expertise in at least one modeling/machine learning platform such as R, Python, or SAS. You have knowledge of an additional general purpose programming language such as C++ or Java. You have advanced SQL skills and experience with NoSQL technologies. You have built several predictive models that have been put into live production. You obsess over sample bias, over-fitting, variable selection, missing values, etc. You understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation. You appreciate that all models are wrong, but some are useful. Hands-on experience with multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, time series analysis, information theory, machine learning, clustering, and/or dimensionality reduction techniques in financial services, customer analytics, digital marketing, or similar domains. Prior modeling experience in risk, marketing response modeling and forecasting is strongly preferred. Experience with Machine Learning techniques including neural networks, Hidden Markov Models, support vector machines, and random forests, and others, is highly desired. Experience working with large data sets and Big Data tools and stack (e.g., Hadoop, Spark, etc.). Experience with one or more modeling tools (R, Matlab, Octave, etc/) and one or more mainstream programming language (Python, Java, C, Scala, C, C++, etc.). Ability to explain complex statistical models and analysis to drive business ideas. What you can expect from us: Unparalleled opportunity to apply state-of-the-art machine learning techniques to real world datasets. A friendly fast paced work environment Work with highly intelligent and accomplished individuals who understand and value technical challenges A prompt and personal application process. If you’re well qualified for this position, we know you have several options in front of you No egos, no bravado and no hostility. We value character and achievements, not who speaks the loudest in the room And, if the process goes well, an extremely competitive offer It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories. At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission – creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.
 Data Scientist -COR Administration: Houston Methodist (HM) is looking for a data scientist to join the Center for Outcomes Research (COR) to lead and develop informatics initiatives that transform healthcare via data science and informatics. The goal of the HM COR informatics initiative is to benefit patients and society as a whole by utilizing the skills and tools of data science to model patient populations clinically and economically within the context of the patient, the health care and hospital systems so that we can optimize business and clinical operations, improve patient care, reduce costs and position HM to more effectively address population health and other strategic health care needs into the future. The responsibility of the data scientist is to address the best uses of data science and informatics resources for HM clinical and business operations and patient care, including the organization’s needs to assess and understand clinical, financial, operational, population health and marketing data. The data scientist should leverage the information in HM enterprise data warehouses and the Epic® electronic medical record as well as contribute to, manage and maintain and adhere to data definition standards crafted by the Hospital Data Governance Council. Under the guidance and direction of the Division Chief of Healthcare Informatics within the COR, the data scientist will work closely with clinicians, care givers, hospital staff, administrators, and other stakeholders to implement projects of clinical, business and societal benefit. The projects for this role will include, but are not limited to: research study protocol design and supporting analysis, predictive analytics, crafting innovative decision support methodology, advanced analytics, outcomes measures, cost reduction, quality improvement, population health management, statistical and advanced modeling techniques applied to different types of health and meta data, and coordinate with clinicians and scientists for the development of business and scientific presentations for a variety of audiences and stakeholders. The position promotes and supports system and department specific ICARE values. Preferred candidates will: obtain and maintain Epic® certification on one or both tracks (clinical and/or financial) for the Epic data model implemented in Clarity® and Caboodle®. (at COR expense), HM Power User certification/credentials and demonstrate compliance and a strong working knowledge of the information policies and procedures governing the use of health care data within the HM organization and maintain a strong working knowledge base of statistics and statistical methodology. PATIENT AGE GROUP SERVED Not applicable DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES PEOPLE (15%) Manages client relationships as assigned, by leading the delivery of innovative strategies and solutions for our clients (EF). Presents project progresses and results to the stakeholders. Reports to Division Chief of Healthcare Informatics in the Center for Outcomes Research. FINANCE (10%) Applies good fiscal management practices Manages the continuous improvement of clinical and operational data and analytics. QUALITY/SAFETY (20%) Be knowledgeable on clinical data quality issues and assurance as well as patient privacy and data security and compliance. Documents the project requirements and results on a timely basis. SERVICE (35%) Drives the data analytics insights across the hospital system. Drives the execution of multiple analytical plans and projects. Identify data elements within the clinical/health databases for analytics and decision supports. GROWTH/INNOVATION (20%) Consults with clinicians and hospital staff regarding process improvement, delivery of best outcomes, decision supports, data insights and recommendations. Translates the findings into implementable informatics solutions with the clinicians, hospital administration, and other stakeholders. This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Clinical Informatics, Public Health Administration, Business Administration, or Engineering, or an MD with experience in Computing, Informatics, and Statistics. EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS At least 4 years of experience in data analytics and/or database management in a healthcare organization. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED None KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED Experience with clinical settings and healthcare administration. Experience with statistical, database and algorithm modeling preferred. Experience implementing and managing Health IT software prototyping and applications. Experience in process mapping and analytics. Experience on decision support methodology and advanced analytics. Experience of clinical/health data integration in a health care IT environment. Great communications skills, both verbal and written a must – especially as it pertains to communicating complicated technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders. Proven interaction skills with clinicians and hospital administrators. Sufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security. Ability to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Activity Checklist attached (see below) WORKING ENVIRONMENT Normal office environment
 Data Scientist - TX: You will work closely with product managers and industry experts to identify the best value case for data science-based control products. You will be responsible for delivering and reporting on performance of models and algorithms that operate in a scalable manner to improve industrial control and efficiency. You will work closely with engineering, design, and product teams to help define the best application and configuration of our technology to bring value to the customer. Role & Responsibilities As a Data Scientist at Kelvin you’ll be part of a small but impactful team as you help us evolve the next generation of control. In your role you’ll analyze process data, identify patterns, and use physics-, statistics-, and data science-based approaches to build intelligent control systems for industrial machinery in the oil & gas industry. You will work closely with product managers and industry experts to identify the best value case for data science-based control products. You will be responsible for delivering and reporting on performance of models and algorithms that operate in a scalable manner to improve industrial control and efficiency. You will work closely with engineering, design, and product teams to help define the best application and configuration of our technology to bring value to the customer. You’ll Fit Right In If... You love data You are excited about improving industrial operational efficiency by applying data science to industrial control problems You thrive a fast paced technical environment You are a self-starter, enjoy driving your own project from start to finish, and are comfortable setting your own goals You operate best in a close-knit, high performing team You are at ease when interfacing with people with a wide range of technical backgrounds You forever strive to improve the products and processes you work on You enjoy the challenges of complex problems and tackle them with the view to succeed immediately and build tools for yourself for next time Requirements PhD (in a physical science, math, computer science, or engineering), or > 5 years of work experience in a research setting Mastery of scientific method Must be fluent programmer, especially in Python Strong statistics and mathematics background Solid understanding of the challenges and best practices in dataset management Demonstrated understanding of data cleaning and data analysis methodology Strong understanding of techniques for mathematical modeling of physical systems Experience with classical optimization is a plus Strong leadership skills Detail-oriented work habits Excellent communication skills
 Data Scientist: Company Summary Crown Castle works around the country to build and maintain the infrastructure behind the world’s most revolutionary technologies. Crown Castle owns, operates and leases more than 40,000 cell towers and over 60,000 route miles of fiber supporting small cells and fiber solutions across every major US market. This nationwide portfolio of communications infrastructure connects cities and communities to essential data, technology and wireless service – bringing information, ideas and innovations to the people and businesses that need them. Crown Castle is an S&P; 500 company and one of the largest Real Estate Investment Trusts in the United States with an enterprise value of approximately $60 billion. Position Title : Data Scientist Position Summary The growing analytics team at Crown Castle seeks a data scientist in the Houston, Texas office. With an unrivaled portfolio of towers, small cells, and fiber, Crown Castle is the nation’s largest and most diverse provider of shared communications infrastructure. This position offers a high-visibility platform to contribute directly to the growth of the business, while furthering a culture of analytics and data literacy across the organization. The successful candidate will collaborate cross-functionally with business and IT partners, developing data products that leverage advanced statistical algorithms. They will answer top-priority data questions, such as constructing demand models to enhance marketing of existing assets and/or proactively addressing future network buildout. They will explore and consult on the business value of external datasets in collaboration with domain experts. They will possess a versatile array of skills needed to tackle data wrangling, exploratory analysis, feature engineering, model prototyping, and production deployment. Essential Job Functions Perform data mining and modeling to produce insights, predictions, and forecasts, in collaboration with domain experts across a variety of disciplines (e.g. RF engineering, real estate acquisitions, finance, IT) Conduct exploratory data analysis & model prototyping using R/Python/SQL Domain expert in machine learning Integrate third-party sources of information to company data when necessary Construct data pipelines for reproducible analysis Present results of analyses, including design of client-friendly graphs, charts, tables and other data visualizations Education/Certifications M.S. or Ph.D. degree in mathematics, computer science, or related quantitative discipline Experience/Minimum Requirements A minimum of five (5) years of work experience in a related field Expert understanding of machine learning techniques Experience with common data science libraries (e.g. scikit-learn, caret, TensorFlow) Experience with data analysis & manipulation tools (e.g. NumPy, Pandas, dplyr) Experience with data visualization tools (e.g. ggplot2, matplotlib) Experience with distributed data & computing platforms to solve big-data challenges Other Skills/Abilities Strong communication skills, including the ability to present analytical insights to a non-technical audience Fail fast mentality Mentor junior technical staff Familiar with self-service BI tools Familiar with cloud computing tools Strong attention to detail, organizational skills and interpersonal skills Organizational Relationship Reports to: Sr. Manager Title(s) of direct reports (if applicable): N/A Working Conditions: Works in a normal office setting with no exposure to adverse environmental conditions. Additional Information: N/A Crown Castle is an Equal Opportunity Employer LI-AB1
 Data Scientist: Schlumberger has an opening in Houston, Texas for a Data Scientist. Data Scientist is responsible to address highly challenging scientific and engineering problems for exploration and production (E &P;) applications using machine-learning and data analytics methods. We are seeking scientists and engineers with a strong fundamental understanding of various modern machine- learning methods, and with good experience in a few of the following areas: deep neural networks, reinforcement learning, Markov Random Fields, Bayesian networks, semi-supervised learning, computer vision, image processing, signal processing, distributed computing, and/or numerical optimization. Computer scientists, as well as candidates with a computational physics/biology/chemistry background, along with significant machine-learning knowledge, are strongly encouraged to apply. Solid knowledge of physics and experienced in oil and gas application are a plus. Substantial programming experience is expected, preferably in Python. Experiences with one or more of the following is highly desirable: HPC/Parallelization, operationalizing ML models; cloud computing (e.g. Google Cloud, AWS, etc.); familiarity with ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, Theano, MXNet, etc. Experience with big-data technologies such as Hadoop/Spark is a plus too. This position reports to the Data Analytics Program Manager. Essential Responsibilities and Duties : The candidate may work on any of the following: Research and develop data analytics and/or machine learning systems for E&P; applications Work with domain experts to understand needs and constraints Work with software engineers to integrate ML solutions in E&P; workflows Communicate sophisticated ML concepts to management, clients, and the business community. Experience and Competencies : PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Computational Physics/Chemistry/Biology, or a highly quantitative discipline with a minimum of three years’ experience, or, Master’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics/Statistics, with a minimum of seven years of AI-related experience 3 years of professional experience in Data Analytics, Machine-Learning, and/or computational physics. Evidence of proficiency in programming Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to work independently and in a team of scientists and engineers Candidates must be able to legally work and reside in the US, without sponsorship. HTC is part of the Schlumberger Digital organization. As the oil and gas industry’s leading supplier of technology, integrated project management, and information solutions to customers worldwide, the Schlumberger digital technology development and management initiatives play a key role in driving of the oilfield service industry’s digital technology transformation. Schlumberger is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law. Schlumberger is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor – priority referral Protected Veterans requested.
 Data Scientist: Data Scientist Location: Houston - United States Schlumberger has an opening in Houston, Texas for a Data Scientist. Data Scientist is responsible to address highly challenging scientific and engineering problems for exploration and production (E &P;) applications using machine-learning and data analytics methods. We are seeking scientists and engineers with a strong fundamental understanding of various modern machine- learning methods, and with good experience in a few of the following areas: deep neural networks, reinforcement learning, Markov Random Fields, Bayesian networks, semi-supervised learning, computer vision, image processing, signal processing, distributed computing, and/or numerical optimization. Computer scientists, as well as candidates with a computational physics/biology/chemistry background, along with significant machine-learning knowledge, are strongly encouraged to apply. Solid knowledge of physics and experienced in oil and gas application are a plus. Substantial programming experience is expected, preferably in Python. Experiences with one or more of the following is highly desirable: HPC/Parallelization, operationalizing ML models; cloud computing (e.g. Google Cloud, AWS, etc.); familiarity with ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, Theano, MXNet, etc. Experience with big-data technologies such as Hadoop/Spark is a plus too. This position reports to the Data Analytics Program Manager. Essential Responsibilities and Duties : The candidate may work on any of the following: Research and develop data analytics and/or machine learning systems for E&P; applications Work with domain experts to understand needs and constraints Work with software engineers to integrate ML solutions in E&P; workflows Communicate sophisticated ML concepts to management, clients, and the business community. Experience and Competencies : PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Computational Physics/Chemistry/Biology, or a highly quantitative discipline with a minimum of three years’ experience, or, Master’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics/Statistics, with a minimum of seven years of AI-related experience 3 years of professional experience in Data Analytics, Machine-Learning, and/or computational physics. Evidence of proficiency in programming Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to work independently and in a team of scientists and engineers Candidates must be able to legally work and reside in the US, without sponsorship. HTC is part of the Schlumberger Digital organization. As the oil and gas industry’s leading supplier of technology, integrated project management, and information solutions to customers worldwide, the Schlumberger digital technology development and management initiatives play a key role in driving of the oilfield service industry’s digital technology transformation. Schlumberger is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law. Schlumberger is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor – priority referral Protected Veterans requested.
 R&D Scientist II: The R&D; Scientist will work in a high performing team with the goal of driving innovation in the development of novel scalable viral vector production platforms for use in in vivo and ex vivo gene therapy applications. The successful candidate will identify, develop and implement new and existing viral vector production technologies, using resources internal and external to Lonza in order to create scalable robust solutions to viral production bottlenecks. This hands-on scientist will design and execute experiments, develop assays and metrics for evaluating results and technologies and support the group in procuring material/equipment. The incumbent will be responsible for acquiring, analyzing, and communicating experimental data to the supervisor and cross-functional teams in a timely fashion. Lonza is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a qualified individual with disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Lonza. The place to Go, Stay and Grow.
 Senior Data Scientist: Senior Data Scientist Requisition ID: 1808180 Description About National Oilwell Varco Every single day, we put the oil and gas industry’s best minds and more than 150 years of experience to work to help our customers achieve lasting success. We have the people, capabilities, and vision to serve the needs of a significant and evolving industry. One the world can’t live without. Throughout every region in the world, and across every area of drilling and production, our company provides the technical expertise, advanced equipment and operational support necessary for success – now and in the future. At NOV, we power the people who power the world. Job Description We are currently searching for a data scientist / senior data scientist who has a proven record of designing and implementing predictive analytics solutions. We collaborate in a corporate group that develops, researches, and conducts strategic analytics projects that have a companywide impact on engineering practices and field operations. Your Responsibilities: You will have the opportunity to develop data driven predictive models that will lay the foundation for our Predictive Maintenance, Condition Based Maintenance, and Optimized Operations. You will use past experience in implementing data analytics solutions for challenging engineering and reliability problems on NOV’s product lines. Working with Big Data infrastructure, Engineering, and Operations, you will develop a scalable and sustainable analytics process. Your Data Science responsibilities will include Data mining, Feature Extractions, Model Selection, Model Optimization, Validation, and Model Deployment. You will engage in knowledge management and effective solution delivery. You will assess risk, benefit, and cost of pre-existing and suggested engineering practices. Qualifications Your Qualifications: Are you a motivated self-starter with the dedication to work independently and as part of a team, and an ability to multi-task? Do you have the flexibility and adaptability, to make decisions quickly? Do you thrive in dynamic environments with multiple changing priorities, where prioritization and time management are necessary tools? You may be a good fit for our team, if you also meet the following requirements: You have 2-5 years of successful technical experience in the domain of predictive analytics (e.g. machine learning, data mining, distributed computing, and statistics related work); preferably in the Oil & Gas industry. Your strong academic qualifications include an advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.); preferably a PhD. A consistent track record in data driven reliability and operation efficiency is a plus. You have programming experience with R and Python, and experience with Hadoop, Spark, etc. Having background with industrial equipment is a large plus. (Rotating machinery, reciprocating machinery, hydraulic systems, structural components, etc...) You have proven technical, analytical, and empirical skills. You have a proven history of conducting research and producing viable solutions for engineering problems. You are skilled in problem analysis and resolution, impact verification, troubleshooting, coaching, facilitation experience, and diagnosing problems across multiple disciplines. You excel in organizational and analytical skills; you're able to focus and deliver precise results, yet understand impacts across multiple projects and systems. You have spent time developing with machine learning and statistical models. You communicate well in English and have good interpersonal skills, with the ability to build trust and integrity in your relationships with our business partners Job : Engineering Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Job Job Posting :
 Data Scientist (EG): Why PROS? This is a unique opportunity to join the market leading company that has not only has 30+ years of proven success but also has a significantly under penetrated opportunity in a $30B addressable market. PROS culture and the truly extraordinary people who work here are at the very core of our success. We have a passion for what we do, and we won’t stop until we’ve delivered on our promises. We’re committed to the success of our customers. That’s why we think harder and dream bigger – so our customers can go even further than they ever imagined possible. Our people make PROS stand out from the rest. if you want to be a part of something truly extraordinary, come help us shape the future of how companies compete and win in their markets. _PROS is always looking for talented candidates. Specifically, we are always looking to connect with candidates with the below skill set. If we don’t contact you immediately; a contact may be coming later. We want to ensure we know the right people; when we are ready to hire! Applying is the best way for us to consider you now or in the future!_ Data Scientist Data Scientist Reporting to the Senior Director of Science, the Data Scientist is a primary team member who works to innovate, test, discover, apply, and support forecasting models and statistical algorithms for PROS’ SaaS (Software as a Service) products. Supporting the Forecast Data Scientist is a high-performance team of professionals from Data Science, Development, Marketing, Product Management, and the Office of the CTO. PROS is powering modern commerce with dynamic pricing science! A Day in the Life of the Data Scientist -About the role: Create, implement, and improve statistical algorithms in PROS’ software products to help generate forecasts and predictive recommendations Explore potential innovations to forecasts and predictive guidance through various techniques which could include machine learning, artificial intelligence, cognitive computing and other progressive technologies and ideas Help diagnose problems reported by our customers who are using PROS forecasting functionality Run simulations and test new ideas Design specifications, with examples and test cases, for implementing forecasting and predictive algorithms into our software Collaborate with other data scientists and cross-functional teams to identify innovation opportunities and possible solution ideas Required Qualifications - About you: We are looking for candidates who possess the combination of the following achievements, skills and behaviors: Advanced degree (Ph.D. preferred) in statistics, econometrics, applied mathematics, or a related field Experience using statistical models for forecasting / predictive analytics Excellent written and verbal communication skills Programming skills in at least one of the following: R, Python, Java, Matlab, C/C++ Thrives in a collaborative team environment: likes to work with others Self-starter with clear career goals Ability to apply creative thinking to find innovative solutions to business problems Positive mind-set and optimistic outlook who can contribute to a positive work culture Excellent references Skills & Personal Characteristics: Ownership Passion: Pride Trust Integrity Innovation Customer Centricity Work Environment: Most work activities are performed in an office or home-office environment and require little to moderate physical exertion. Work activities may require periods of extended hours, critical deadlines and stressful situations. To successfully complete the tasks of this position, individuals must be able to communicate clearly (in writing and orally), comprehend business terminology, interpret numerical data. This job description is intended to convey information essential to understanding the scope of the job and the general nature and level of work performed by job holders within this job. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of qualifications, skills, efforts, duties, responsibilities or working conditions associated with the position. The Company - PROS: PROS Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: PRO) is leading the shift to modern commerce, helping competitive enterprises create a personalized and frictionless experience for their customers. Powered with Dynamic Pricing Science, PROS solutions make it possible for companies to price, configure and sell their products and services with speed, precision and consistency across all sales channels. Our customers lead their markets across more than 10 sectors, and benefit from 30 years of accumulated knowledge and data science infused into our purpose-built solutions. PROS drives more than 200 million prices and 1.7 billion forecasts every day for enterprises in more than 30 industries around the globe. Our mission is to help companies and the people who work for them outperform. To learn more, visit pros.com.
Business Analyst, Advisory - Data Analysis: Position Description This position can work remotely anywhere in the United States. The preferred locations are the Stafford, TX or Indianapolis, IN office. What does a great Business Analyst, Advisory do? You will be responsible for all things related to USPS (United States Postal Service) delivery time. You will drive data analysis projects that improve efficiencies while ensuring clients and customers have a positive delivery experience. You will take on large amounts of data and utilize your data analysis expertise. As a Business Analyst, Advisory, you can look forward to: Confirming clients are compliant with United States Postal Service (USPS) requirements for postage discounts. Maintaining knowledge of USPS regulations for automated mail. Maintaining technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing publications; establishing personal networks; participating in technical societies. Contributing to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Determining changes in physical database by studying project requirements; identifying database characteristics, such as location, amount of space, and access method. Creating/supporting internal customer access systems to USPS address information. Analyzing current qualification processing to confirm processing correctly. Monitoring delivery trend reports to ensure USPS is processing efficiently. Escalating with USPS representatives as necessary. Analyzing PBPS/USPS Intelligent Mail Barcode (IMB) capture reports and through trend analysis determining if further investigation/resolution is required. Analyzing reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing quality monitoring to support a beneficial data store for the business. Supporting Intelligent Mail Barcode (IMB) deployment including Mailer ID (MID)/ Service Type ID (STID) registration and expertise, and adhering to Fiserv address block standards. Identifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data sets. You’re the kind of person who: Has a passion for working with large amounts of data and solving puzzles. You love looking at how data connects together. You are seeking an opportunity where you can identify and communicate process improvements. You want to expand your skill set by identifying new tools to be used and leveraging current tools. You can work through business challenges and bring solutions. Basic qualifications for consideration: Minimum 3 years of experience in data analysis working with large data sets Working knowledge of MS applications including Excel, Access and ETL Methodologies Preferred qualifications for consideration: Experience with SQL Server Bachelor’s degree is a plus Who we are: Output Solutions delivers turnkey business critical customer communications accurately, on time and with relevant information essential for customer satisfaction and retention. Fiserv supports financial services, healthcare, billing, retail, utilities, travel and entertainment and other companies. Customer communications and payment solutions include transactional document production and delivery, secure and non-secure card manufacturing and personalization, direct marketing services and digital channel delivery. As a trusted outsourcing partner, we help our clients streamline operations to contain costs, while building customer loyalty and generating incremental revenue. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.
Data Analytics Architect (BigData Scientist): Data Analytics Architect (Data Scientist) This role is full time and qualified candidates must be eligible to work in the US without current or future work sponsorship. Responsibilities: Formulate the requirements and solution architecture for an end-to-end oil and gas BigData Analytics Platform spanning data ingestion, Data Lake storage, data conditioning, machine learning, packaging of data driven models, model deployment and management Perform market survey and technology evaluations to forge preferred partnerships with BigData and Advanced Analytics companies Build machine learning models (unsupervised/supervised) and workflows that are embedded within SaaS/Cloud Solutions Strategize, test, and build solutions that blend data analytics with first principles based engineered approaches Ensures that data models and designs support the integration of data / information flow across systems and platforms Collaborates with multiple organizational units, customers, and external partners that align with the company’s strategic goals Provide architecture and technology leadership across Batch and Streaming data processing platform in BigData and cloud data technologies Design of highly-scalable, reliable, and performant pipelines to consume, integrate and analyze large volumes of complex data using a variety of best-in-class proprietary and open-source platforms and tools Demonstration of client and solution leadership through strong communication skills to recommend actionable, data-driven insights Management of technical, project, and organizational complexity, with a proven ability to simply tough problems, track many moving parts across functional teams and business domains, and influence strategic direction A broad set of technical skills and knowledge across hardware, software, systems and solutions development and across more than one technical domain Qualifications: Demonstrable experience defining, driving and executing corporate strategy around BigData, data analytics, machine learning and data management Extensive experience delivering end-to-end BigData and machine learning solutions Experience building high energy, high performance, highly motivated teams 10+ years’ experience in data warehousing, data science, and BigData analytics Underlying infrastructure for BigData solutions (clustered/distributed computing, storage, data center networking) 15+ years of overall IT / software development experience, solution design and technical architecture experience BigData Frameworks/Platforms such as Hadoop, Teradata, Cloudera, HortonWorks, SAS, R, Python, Kafka, Storm, Spark Streaming, Hive, and Pig Hands-on experience with SQL RDBMS and NoSQL databases, such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Cassandra Strong interpersonal skills, and ability to work in a dynamics environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills and can clearly articulate complex technical issues to all levels of the organization Cloud (AWS/Azure) BigData expertise is a major plus Oil and gas domain expertise is a plus Master’s Degree required / PhD from related field preferred Must be eligible to work in the US without current or potential future work sponsorship
 Data Scientist / Software Developer: You will help our clients solve a variety of science and engineering problems, all related to the capture, storage, visualization and analysis of complex data. Projects can span a range of activities and your responsibilities will include: Combining domain knowledge and technical skills to understand and solve the complex challenges facing our clients. Using data science, analytics and a variety of analytical, statistical or machine learning techniques to interpret client data, helping them to make better-informed business decisions. Designing and developing custom software solutions or tools (e.g. visualization). Building strong relationships, communicating and collaborating with clients and colleagues. The successful applicant will mainly work with oil and gas clients in the Houston area. You will also have the opportunity to use your transferable skills to work in different domains and industries. Our projects are exciting and rewarding and provide plenty of opportunities to learn and develop. You will be assigned to projects based on your existing skills and experience, but you will also be expected to quickly learn new domains and technologies and apply innovative thinking and transferable skills to solve new challenges. Requirements We are looking for enthusiastic graduates and postgraduates, with a passion for problem solving, to join us. During your career at Tessella, you will be expected to learn and develop your skills, but before you join us you should have: Masters or PhD in science, engineering or math. Geophysics, geotechnical or petroleum engineering or similar would be an advantage. Software underpins many of the solutions we provide, so you need to have some programming skills in one of our core languages: Java, Python, C, C, C++, R, Matlab. The ability to interpret complex data using a variety of analytical, statistical or machine learning techniques. Experience of a big data platform, particularly Azure, would be desirable. Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to explain complex concepts to clients and colleagues from all backgrounds. Experience of the oil and gas industry (e.g. an internship, academic project or commercial experience) would be an advantage. Career Development and Training We offer excellent future prospects. While we do offer traditional career paths, most staff end up shaping their own based on their aspirations, the skills they have developed and the projects they have worked on. As your career progresses, you will be able to contribute to projects in a variety of roles, from Data Scientist and Software Developer to Business Analyst and Project Manager, or any combination of these. We take personal development seriously and all staff receive an annual training allowance of 150 hours, which can be used to learn new technical and soft skills, often leading to recognized professional qualifications.
Lead Systems Data Scientist: Engineering & Technical Svcs Group _Transocean is focused on being the employer of choice for the drilling industry._ _We are challenging ourselves every day to push the performance of the company through technological advances and passion for our work._ Job Description DUTIES : A Systems Data Scientist is charged with ensuring the following Department objectives: Combine and synthesize data from multiple sources, select appropriate analytical methods to explore, develop, and test hypotheses. Develop and apply predictive models, communicate results effectively and clearly to a range of audiences Stay up to date with techniques and tools Use a Systems Engineering approach for the design, realization, technical management, operations, and retirement of systems concerned within the context of the Transocean Technology Innovation Process. Maintaining compliance with established Company policies and procedures, compliance of general business practices with applicable government laws and regulations, and Integrity and security of the Company’s data systems. The Systems Data Scientist will conduct the activities described below in support of the above Department objectives. Systems Data Scientist will perform activities such as: Developing and managing System Level requirements following the Transocean Systems Engineering Process. Collect, analyze, and interpret information from multiple data sources identifying actionable insights that create efficiencies and improve drilling performance and safety. Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms for second-level analytics. Develop reports and/or presentations leveraging data visualization tools that clearly and concisely communicate analytical findings and recommendations to key stakeholders. Leverage analytical tools (SQL, SAS, Tableau) and data mining techniques to perform advanced data manipulation and extract insights from large databases. Other duties may be assigned. Identify and implement strategies to leverage valuable data sources across search, signal, RMS, GMS and other digital channels. Support ad hoc analytics need as requested. QUALIFICATIONS: EDUCATION: Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or other relevant disciplines. Understanding of signal processing, databases and experience with data mining. EXPERIENCE: Proficiency in analysis packages (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab) and programming languages (e.g. Python, Ruby, Java, Scala) and machine learning methods. TRAVEL: The ability to travel up to 10% of the time internationally is a must. WRITING: Must be capable of writing and presenting information to the Company’s Senior Management. INGENUITY: Incumbent must be capable of working with limited direct supervision and should be further capable of sorting through complex issues with a high degree of professional skepticism. Have the ability to work independently and will possess the poise and flexibility required to work in a highly dynamic environment. DECISION-MAKING: Demonstrate the capacity for effective decisions and drawing sound conclusions regarding Company processes and procedures and Data Science practices. INTERPERSONAL SKILLS: Must be able to work with all levels of personnel and management in a professional manner. Education Work Experience _If you want to push yourself to great achievement, let Transocean develop your career._
 Data Scientist (2400 NASA Parkway): Data Scientist (2400 NASA Parkway) - 1068894 The Data Scientist will play a critical role in contributing to the growth of the clinical evidence and outcomes. This position will coordinate with colleagues in Epidemiology, clinical programs, IT, and Human Research Program to lead outcomes, health economics, prospective/retrospective data, real world data, reported events & outcomes and epidemiologic projects. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Responsible for compliance with Safety, Health and Environmental plan; must be committed to a high standard of safety and be willing and able to comply with all safety laws and all of the Company’s safety policies and rules and must be willing to report safety violations and potential safety violations to appropriate supervisory or management personnel Responsible for compliance with the Quality Assurance Plan, policies and procedures Must maintain regular and acceptable attendance level as determined by the Company Responsible for completing all assigned training Collaborate with epidemiologists, flight surgeons, clinical staff and thought leaders in the design and application of outcomes/health economics research in alignment with strategic goals. Support concept development, protocol design, and analytic plan development for outcomes research and discovery projects Develop and administer data collection instruments to support outcomes research projects Build and manage strategic internal and external relationships in order to expand existing outcomes projects, develop new opportunities, facilitate work and achieve business goals. In collaboration with key thought leaders across the Directorate, actively participate in the full continuum of care pathway development and on-going review/edit. Will actively promote outcomes projects that demonstrate the impact of care pathways and clinical programs on patients, providers, and health care economics. Collaborate with cross-functional colleagues to implement and evolve Data Systems Architecture to support analytic-based outcomes research and real-world-evidence efforts. Lead the development and implementation of machine learning algorithms and techniques to solve business problems and optimize member experiences. Work interactively with all functions of the company to help achieve the company’s vision. Collaborate with Senior Management on strategic planning; provide effective leadership in assessments, report generation, and resolution facilitation of problems as needed. Interface with the broader analytics community including partners, vendors and academia to contribute to and benefit from research in the area of in-database advanced analytics. Maintain a high degree of awareness of the current scientific state and advances in relation to clinical research programs by attendance at relevant symposia, scientific meetings and workshops, and review of key journals. Maintain strictest confidentiality. Qualifications EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: MA/MS in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Econometrics, Physics, Biostatistics or related Quantitative disciplines. 15yrs overall experience with a minimum of 10yrs as a Data Scientist in the medical/healthcare industry A deep understanding of research methods, applied statistics, data mining, predictive modeling and forecasting in order to guide and support research that provides clear and actionable insights and strategic direction for business leaders. Hands-on experience working with/analyzing diverse data assets: EMR, medical claims, publicly available medical dictionaries, publicly available administrative datasets (population health surveys, hospital discharge data) Technical knowledge and capabilities in statistical packages like - SAS, R, STATA, SPSS, SQL Should have working knowledge of at least one data science and machine learning platform – R, Python, Alpine Data, KNIME, Tensorflow Strong knowledge of statistical modeling, econometric, or data mining tools and methods to support clinical and epidemiological research. Familiarity with linear models (linear regression, generalized linear regression, logistical regression) and nonlinear modeling techniques such as decision trees. SKILLS/TRAINING REQUIRED : Well-developed interpersonal skills; ability to develop and maintain collaborative clinical research relationships. Strong communication and presentation skills; ability to convey complex information to diverse audiences Advanced business analytic skills, problem solving and creative thinking skills Ability to think strategically across disciplines and projects Experience with medical and health care data science analysis is a plus Epidemiology, health economics and/or outcomes research in the context of a healthcare, academic, pharmaceutical or biotech company KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Job Engineering Technology Primary Location US-US-TX-Houston
Geoscience Students Seeking Full-Time or Intern Opportunities: Geoscience Students Seeking Full-Time or Intern Opportunities Location: Spring, TX, US Company: ExxonMobil Primary Job Function ExxonMobil is interested in finding outstanding scientists who have a strong fundamental background in the earth sciences, physical sciences, and mathematics. We have excellent proprietary capabilities in teaching petroleum science and technology, and therefore do not require new geoscientists to have any prior petroleum course work or experience. ExxonMobil geoscientists are deployed across the Upstream to support the Corporation's goal of finding, developing and producing hydrocarbon resources and reserves. A geoscientist at ExxonMobil can expect to solve geologic problems in numerous basins, in various work settings, and in all the different business stages from exploration to development through production. In addition, we have roles for geoscientists specializing in different technical areas, including seismic data acquisition and processing, formation evaluation, etc. Job Role Responsibilities Geoscientists with ExxonMobil are expected to develop a broad range of fundamental geoscience skills and the ability to comprehend, integrate knowledge, ideas and skills to solve geologic problems across exploration, development and production functions. They typically have the opportunity to develop a wide range of skills and expertise throughout their careers. Assignments will provide the opportunity to acquire these fundamental skills through on-the-job experience and training. Over the span of a career, assignments could include time in our various Upstream companies: Exploration Company Assignments are at the basin to play to prospect scale and focus on finding and assessing new hydrocarbon discoveries. Regional teams integrate data on play to basin scales to identify areas for future exploration or to better define an existing exploration trend. New opportunity teams typically work in unexplored and under-explored areas, leveraging new concessions or discoveries that help confirm prospectivity and provide the opportunity to capture and mature blocks and prospects. Operation teams drill wildcat wells to test prospect viability and commerciality. Development Company Assignments are at field scale, working on discovered undeveloped assets. Geoscientists in these roles deliver accurate subsurface descriptions and communicate key risks and uncertainties in support of development planning, facilities design, construction, commissioning, and startup of the major Upstream capital projects. Development drillwell planning, detailed reservoir characterization and integration with engineering studies are key activities at this business stage. Production Company Assignments are done at the reservoir to field scale and focus on defining, developing and depleting new or mature existing fields. A strong emphasis in these assignments will be to build skills in integrating and interpreting geological, geophysical and engineering data These data types include; core, fluids, well logs, well tests, outcrops, and seismic, using advanced mapping, interpretation, modeling and other techniques, working closely with engineering counterparts to optimize business results. Upstream Research Company Assignments offer the opportunity to perform basic and applied research in seeking new ways to find and recover hydrocarbons. Our research programs reflect exploration, development, and production business strategies; for example, pursuing attractive exploration opportunities, developing production from new fields, and maximizing economic recovery from existing fields. The approach is to align with upstream priorities and key geoscience and engineering technology issues; focus on timely and effective development and delivery of proprietary high-impact technologies; provide expert consulting, unique laboratory capability and technical training. Preferred Skills and Experience Ability to integrate knowledge, varied data sets, analogs and ideas to solve geological problems to support the business. Provide sound judgment, timeliness and aptitude in application of geoscience tools and techniques; and, desire to maintain competitive advantage through advanced training and superior technological understanding. Job Requirements Candidates should have a BS, MA/MS and/or PhD in Geology or Geophysics (or related fields). Candidates should have a strong fundamental background in the earth sciences, physical sciences, and mathematics. Demonstrated leadership, adaptability, teamwork, excellent communication skills in English, and a commitment to high safety and ethical standards. In addition, candidates should be able to work effectively within and across diverse team environments. Alternate Location: United States : Houston, Texas EX:OUT ExxonMobil is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. Nearest Major Market: Houston Job Segment: Engineer, Geology, Consulting, Engineering, Technology, Research
 Staff Data Scientist: Role Summary: The Staff Data Scientist will work in and lead teams as technical domain expert addressing statistical, machine learning and data understanding problems in a commercial technology and consultancy development environment. In this role, they will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets. Essential Responsibilities: As a Data Scientist, you will be part of a cross-disciplinary modeling & data science team on commercially-facing development projects, typically involving large, complex data sets. These teams typically include domain experts, statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert with partners in BHGE business units. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics across Oil & Gas infrastructure and industrial sectors, and operations optimization. In the role of Sr Staff Data Scientist, you will: Be responsible for data exploration and model building targeting given CTQs (field issue investigations, developing tracking filters, inspections, root cause analysis, etc.) Work alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics Perform exploratory and targeted data analyses using descriptive statistics and other methods Work on data quality assessment and data cleansing Execute design, analysis and development of assigned projects adhering to business standards, practices, procedures and product / program requirements Communicate results, findings and observations in clear and concise documents (presentations, reports, technical articles) to peers and program leader in formal/ informal reviews Document technical data generated by the assigned project consistent with engineering policies and procedures Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics/Computer Science/Mechanical, Chemical and/or Electrical Engineering from accredited college or university Minimum 5 years of experience in analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial/industrial setting Master's degree Statistics/Computer Science/Mechanical or Chemical or Electrical Engineering Ph.D. in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) plus 1 years’ analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial/industrial setting Eligibility Requirements: Legal authorization to work in the US is required. GE may agree to sponsor an individual for an employment visa now or in the future if there is a shortage of individuals with particular skills. Desired Characteristics: Oil & Gas domain knowledge and experience in either upstream, midstream or downstream segments. Experience with end-to-end modeling projects, from research to solutions to analytic products Strong hands-on skills in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data Strong oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal and leadership skills and ability to influence others and lead small teams Experience with projects involving Exploratory Data analysis, Pattern Recognition, machine learning Experience with one or more analytic software tools or languages (e.g., SAS, SPSS, R,Python) DTR About Us: Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) is the world’s first and only fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services and digital solutions. Drawing on a storied heritage of invention, BHGE harnesses the passion and experience of its people to enhance productivity across the oil and gas value chain. BHGE helps its customers acquire, transport and refine hydrocarbons more efficiently, productively and safely, with a smaller environmental footprint and at lower cost per barrel. Backed by the digital industrial strength of GE, the company deploys minds, machines and the cloud to break down silos and reduce waste and risk, applying breakthroughs from other industries to advance its own. With operations in over 120 countries, the company’s global scale, local know- how and commitment to service infuse over a century of experience with the spirit of a startup – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the world. Follow Baker Hughes, a GE company on Twitter @BHGECo, or visit us at BHGE.com. GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Locations: United States; Texas; Houston GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.
 MSAT Scientist: MSAT Scientist The MSAT Scientist will be responsible for the successful transfer of viral vector and/or viral cell therapy processes into production. They are in direct contact with Lonza’s clients, R &D; scientist and GMP Manufacturing. MSAT Scientists ensure process scalability and manufacturability and will support process validation activities for late phase production. They are in charge of process integration related aspects during campaign preparation and responsible for process supervision and reporting during and after production campaigns. Continuous improvement as well as adaptations of the manufacturing process. In addition the MSAT Scientist will coordinate process relevant major deviations and assess their product quality impacts. •30% Coordinates campaign preparation in close collaboration with Program Management. •30% Performance detailed review of clients and R &D; process and generates, in collaboration with R&D;, technology transfer documents. •15% Coordinates root cause analysis for major process deviations. •15% Management of data and analyzes of various operational parameters. •10% Supports the evaluation in client’s discussion a/o in initial process fit/gap analyzes. •Perform other duties as assigned. Travel: Up to 30% Safety: Must know and follow job safety procedures, attend required health and safety training, proactively promote safety at work, and promptly report actual and potential accidents and injuries. Must comply with safety policies of the company and site. Quality Responsibility : Adherence to cGMPs is required all times during the manufacture of APIs. All personnel are responsible for notifying responsible management in a timely manner of regulatory inspections, serious GMP deficiencies, product defects and related actions. Skills: Team player in an interdisciplinary team that change team members along a product´s life cycle Qualities & Attitude: Experience within matrix organization Lonza is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a qualified individual with disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Lonza. The place to Go, Stay and Grow.
 Project Associate: alliantgroup, LP is currently experiencing explosive growth! As a national consulting firm focused on being the voice to the middle market, our mission is simple: Strengthening American businesses. How do we do this? We hire the brightest talent with the most diverse backgrounds who are passionate about making a difference. We are in search of Project Associates to join the firm! As a Project Associate, you will work in a team environment alongside some of the best in the business including attorneys, accountants, engineers, and scientists to identify and substantiate cash-generating tax incentives that strengthen American businesses. You will directly benefit clients, and truly affect their bottom line. Responsibilities Identify, analyze, and qualify value-oriented benefits targeting our mid-market clients Work closely with clients in multiple industries Research relevant technical topics relating to our clients Update and maintain project milestones and action items in Excel Substantiate results on consulting projects through presentations and written reports to clients Assist in the research & analysis of client data Conduct client interviews, gather and review client documentation Organize incoming documents and files from clients Produce a technical summary to the client on the status of project Coordinate appointments, prepare reports, maintain client tracking database Review all final reports for formatting and accuracy Act as a trusted tax consultant to alliantgroup's clients Expectation of confidentiality in all business matters Qualifications 4-year degree required in science, technology, engineering, math or related field Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong analytical, research and organizational skills Ability to articulate and relay information in an effective and efficient manner High sense of urgency, with the ability to meet deadlines Proficiency with Excel and Microsoft suite of products Do Work That Matters. alliantgroup. Primary Location : Texas-Houston Job : Consulting
 Data Scientist: Do you consider yourself a Data Scientist or want to move into that fast growing space? Do you have a degree and project or professional experience? Do you love statistics and the manipulation of data? Are you interested in Big Data environments? Do you have a solid experience with 'R' , SQL, Python, and Java development? Do any of these words sound familiar to you: Naïve Bayes, Bayesian Graphical Networks, NLP, Random Forest, Linear, Decision Tree, Gaussian, Regression? If so, you may want to join our expanding data science and machine learning team. Their primary mission is to increase the scale and automation of data acquisition, cleansing, refinement, enrichment, and curation. You will be working on a cross-functional collaborative team. Teamwork is tantamount to success in this environment. We are looking to add smart and confident people, who know when to seek advice, how to collaborate with a multi-functional team, and how to focus on practical solutions for productization. The ideal candidate is a collaborative, solutions-oriented thinker with a strong background processing large data sets, applying analytical rigor and statistical methods, and driving toward actionable insights and practical solutions that can make an immediate impact. Responsibilities Here's what a typical day will look like as the Data Scientist: Analyse data to gain deep understanding of the problem domains Design algorithms for predictive modeling and clustering. Develop working prototypes of algorithms. Evaluate the performance of various algorithms/models/strategies Communicate and write research and technical reference reports to document not only the successful solutions, but also the failures as well Implement results into robust frameworks and tools, and help transition them into into production systems Continuously get better - seek out opportunities to further develop our analytical, engineering, and statistical toolkit Data/problem analysis Research the solution space. Proof of concept solutions to demonstrate value to business stakeholders Reports covering research results and software requirements Software/algorithm development (productization/programming) Requirements specifications and technical documents for developed tools and libraries Qualifications You're likely a great fit for this opportunity if you have: BA/BS degree (or equivalent experience) in a strongly quantitative field such as: Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, Computer Science, or Econometrics with 2+ years of analytics experience or equivalent combination of education and experience. Familiarity with wide range of machine learning algorithms, including, NLP, neural networks, kernel methods, dimensionality reduction, bayesian inferencing graph algorithms, and hidden Markov models. Strong analytical skills and comfortable working with large data sets Ability to transform data into actionable insights. Strong programming skills in at least one some or all of the following: Java, R, Python, Spark, Hive, Pig, Hadoop, Scala, Julia, C, C++ Experience with SQL and relational databases. Experience with unstructured & semi-structured data sources and requisite processing Benefits We offer an attractive benefits plan with health benefits that include three medical coverage options, vision and dental coverage – HSA, FSA, 401(k) with employer match, paid parental leave, paid time off, paid sick leave, short- term and long-term disability, life insurance, and AD&D; insurance. Why You Should Join DiscoverOrg: A 7-time honoree of the Inc. 5000 fastest growing private companies Only company to win FOUR company CODiE awards in the same year A three time recipient of the Deloitte Fast 500 award Headquartered in Vancouver Has been profitable for the past 10 years Was named the 2017 Growth Company of the Year at the Oregon Technology Awards Is the industry bellwether with award winning products Supported by an award winning Learning and Development team Is led by an EY Entrepreneur of the Year finalist Has an impressive 4.7 star rating on Glassdoor Is honored to be a 2017 Fortune Magazine Best Workplaces , and Finally, is recognized as a 2017 Inc. Magazine Top 50 Best Workplaces
 Data Scientist: We believe that the future of business writing is knowing how a document will perform before it’s published. Textio has already changed the way that thousands of companies write, and now we are looking for creative and curious data scientists to join us. You will be joining a welcoming and collaborative data science team at a company whose core products are fueled by data analysis, natural language processing, and machine learning. As a company, Textio deeply understands the value of data. This is a stellar place to deliver impact as a data scientist. Your work will form Textio’s core understanding about our users, our product experiences, and the analyses that fuel our augmented writing technology. Your insights will power strategic company decisions and product direction, and they will be developed in partnership with people in many different roles within the company. Your influence will span from our user behavior analytics to our predictive product components to the stories that Textio shares with the world. Textio is a phenomenal place to build, learn, and experiment. Come join us! What you’ll be doing: Partnering with colleagues across our organization to translate business questions into analyses, and analyses into operational and product impact. Pairing with Textio’s data storytellers to ensure clarity, accuracy, and richness in the narratives that Textio shares with the world. Leading the creation and maintenance of self-service analytics solutions and the data sources that back them. Developing product instrumentation, metrics, and experimentation capabilities to support the evolution of Textio’s superb augmented writing experience. Translating insights from your analytical work into product features. We’d love to hear from you if: You love building repeatable analyses that are precise, interpretable, and inventive. You can find the narrative in a data set, using your skills of data exploration, statistical inference, and visualization. Your approach to analysis is iterative and guided by a desire to discover and learn. You view data anomalies as invitations rather than nuisances. You take the time to understand the scope, value, limitations, and nuances of a data set before you draw conclusions from it. You can think creatively, but you let practicality guide you in getting things done. You enjoy collaborating with people in many roles, and learning about a range of business and data domains. You have the technical skills to explore and analyze data independently, and the self-awareness to ask for input when appropriate. You take pride in the things you create. You demonstrate a track record of trying and learning new things. You have a point of view but are low ego. We’re not looking for ninjas or rockstars. We want awesome and innovative people who can help us use data to make Textio the best that it can be. Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!
Data Scientist, Junior: Data Scientist, Junior The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by machine learning, artificial intelligence advances, and IoT? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve DoD and federal agencies. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning to turn disparate data points into objective answers, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help our nation’s services and leaders make data- driven decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the DoD and federal agencies. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of data science and machine intelligence and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data scientist. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, Splunk, and other open source and emerging tools a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government. You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in- house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. You Have: Experience with data science and analytics Experience with analyzing large data sets Experience with programming and scripting languages, including Python Ability to communicate results to technical and non-technical audiences effectively Ability to carry out complex projects in data science and analytics with minimal supervision Ability to be highly motivated for learning Ability to obtain a security clearance BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: Experience with designing and implementing custom machine learning algorithms Experience with graph algorithms and semantic Web Experience with designing and setting up relational databases Experience with Big Data computing environments, including Hadoop Experience with Navy mission systems MA degree in Mathematics, CS, or a related quantitative field Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status—to fearlessly drive change. SIG2017
Intern - Data Scientist (Bellevue, WA): Requisition ID: 189924 Work Area: Software-Development Operations Expected Travel: 0 - 10% Career Status: Student Employment Type: Intern COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Purpose & Objective of Position It is key for the SAP Human Resources Board area to ensure that the SAP People & Organization Strategy is an integral part of SAP's corporate strategy and supports all employees and the organization with initiatives directed to drive innovation. The Data Analytics team within the Talent, Leadership, and Learning organization oversees initiatives to integrate and leverage data to better identify, develop and select leaders within SAP. This position will support the global assessment practice through the design, implementation and analysis of text scraping, NLP, and other methodologies to identify skill gaps for strategic talent planning initiatives. In addition, this position will provide strategic direction and support for the development of SAP’s Learning Analytics Bridge, to build prediction models for talent strategies. Expectations & Tasks Support design and implementation of SAP’s Learning Analytics Bridge, assessment strategy and follow-up /development activities Support system integration and creation of predictive models Assist in overall project management activities Support development of dashboards and data visualization for managers and HR Business Partners Acquire world-class experience using the latest SAP technology Skills / Competencies Language skills: Fluent in English, both written and spoken, additional language would be an advantage, but is not prerequisite Detail-oriented and analytical; process oriented and ability to be comfortable working with high volume data, figures, and statistics. 3+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, data mining, and analytics techniques. Experience in one or more natural language processing topics: tagging, syntactic parsing, word sense disambiguation, topic modeling; contextual text mining, and application of deep learning to NLP. Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role with a large technology company. Work collaboratively to architect and implement data-science solutions, mapping the data processing flow from raw data or data stores, to identifying optimal data analytics approaches, to data visualization and working with users to optimize the user experience Comfortable with learning and utilizing a variety of reporting applications, systems and tools. Good interpersonal communication, time management, and problem solving skills. Proactive team player able to work well under pressure. Capable of working independently upon receiving proper instruction and guidance. Ability to work on own initiative as part of an international team Prefer 2+ years of experience with SAP HANA , 2+ years of experience with SAP Analytics Cloud Educational Requirements Requires candidates to currently be enrolled. MBA, MS in Data Science, Data Analytics or related field preferred. WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations:
 Data Scientist: Convoy, one of the fastest growing startups in the U.S., is transforming the $800 billion trucking industry. We offers the world's largest companies the best option for moving their freight through our network of thousands of technology-connected trucking companies. Data Science is at the core of Convoy’s platform. We build the models that power freight pricing, shipment offer relevance, auction bidding strategy, and other core services. The breadth of the problems space is huge, spanning machine learning, optimization, causal inference, econometrics, and prediction domains. And we have only begun to dig into the difficult and diverse problems in our two-sided marketplace. At Convoy you will be expected to work autonomously and own your domain end- to-end. We are a highly aligned team that operates in a fast-paced environment and pivots where needed to focus on what matters most. You will work with high signal-to-noise data to power your deep dive research, modeling, and experimentation projects. If you’re curious minded and are interested in joining a company that is pushing the envelope of data science, join us You will work on: Recommendation Systems Forecasting/Time Series Marketplace Dynamics Prediction/Classification Experimentation Causal Inference/Observational Data Analysis Auction Optimization Operations Research Who you are: MS or PhD in economics/econometrics, statistics, computer science, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject Experience with scientific/statistical languages such as R, Python, or Julia 2+ years of experience doing statistical modeling for analysis and/or prediction Intelligent but practical, you want to get things done and love simplicity You’re a leader and will speak up where needed Nice to have Experience with two-sided markets (platforms) and other economic theory Experience in bidding and pricing (e.g., quant experience) Experience in causal inference and experimentation Big data tools such as Spark, and/or Hadoop SQL fluency
Data Analyst / Jr. Data Scientist: _About the Role..._ Logic2020 is looking to secure a Data Analyst for a pilot program with a client of ours. The program involves using true machine learning to improve customer care process, at the enterprise level. You will be part of the team proving the value of machine learning in order to bring artificial intelligence into customer care and ultimately, change the way customers are served. _About You..._ This is ideal for someone who has recently moved into the data science space and understands some of the basics. Someone who is excited to learn more and grow as an individual, within a team of experts. You are personable and highly communicative. You will need to be very hands-on. You have Python or R, however, this is not required. You are proficient at assessing business requirements, modeling, and gaining an understanding of business metrics You are comfortable communicating technical issues to non-technical users You are excellent at communicating over written, verbal, organizational, and presentational channels You excel at being flexible and juggling multiple projects in a fast-paced environment You are comfortable working under pressure independently handling multiple projects and deadlines Qualifications 3+ years of experience working with SQL queries and accessing data 2+ years of consulting experience, preferably at a "Big 4" or similar firm Demonstrated expertise in business analysis and data analysis Experience writing requirements and specifications for IT systems An undergraduate degree in technology or business Come be part of the future: _About Us…_ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past three years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For”. Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity. Compensation & Benefits We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way.
 Growth Data Scientist: Convoy, one of the fastest growing startups in the U.S., is transforming the $800 billion trucking industry. We offers the world's largest companies the best option for moving their freight through our network of thousands of technology-connected trucking companies. Data Science is at the core of Convoy’s platform. We build the models that power freight pricing, shipment offer relevance, auction bidding strategy, and other core services. The breadth of the problems space is huge, spanning machine learning, optimization, causal inference, econometrics, and prediction domains. And we have only begun to dig into the difficult and diverse problems in our two-sided marketplace. At Convoy you will be expected to work autonomously and own your domain end- to-end. On Growth, we sprint on Convoy's hardest problems working to unlock new lines of business, new features, and optimizing how we approach pricing. You will be driving analysis, modeling, and experimentation projects. If you’re curious minded and are interested in joining a company that is pushing the envelope of data science, join us You will work on: Forecasting/Time Series Marketplace Dynamics Prediction/Classification Experimentation Causal Inference/Observational Data Analysis Operations Research You have the following skills and experience: BA, MS in economics/econometrics, statistics, computer science, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject Experience with scientific/statistical languages such as R, Python, or Julia 2+ years of experience doing statistical modeling for analysis and/or prediction Intelligent but practical; you want to get things done and love simplicity You have a habit of bias-to-action Nice to have: Experience with two-sided markets (platforms) and other economic theory Experience in bidding and pricing (e.g., quant experience) Experience designing machine learning solutions for a production environment Big data tools such as Spark, and/or Hadoop SQL fluency Convoy is an equal-opportunity employer and we are actively seeking a diverse team. If you're a collaborative team player who wants to have an outsized impact with a small, tight-knit team, we'd love to hear from you!
Data Scientist and Engineer, Early Career: Organization and Job ID Job ID: 308130 Directorate: National Security Division: Computing & Analytics Group: Data Sciences & Analytics Job Description Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todayâ€™s most challenging problems that face our Nation? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)! For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsorsâ€™ missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation! Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLâ€™s National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses related to quantitative social science, human language technologies, computer vision, real-time streaming algorithms, national security, disaster response and recovery, health security, image/video understanding and other related fields. The data scientist in applied natural language processing should have experience in one or more application areas including, but not limited to, machine learning, social media analytics, information extraction, natural language processing. have experience applying machine learning, statistics, and mathematical modeling to have experience in one or both of the following areas: in constructing functional prototypes using Python. data wrangling and data engineering. have ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery. have interest, curiosity and technical depth to support the development and advancement of a variety of applied problems specific to the national security community. Operating on the data-information-knowledge continuum, staff at PNNL employ diverse methods to confront significant problems of national interestâ€”from distilling distributed data into knowledge that supports decision processes, to enabling resilient technologies that enhance computing at extreme scales, to equipping cyber defenders with tools that prevent damaging cyber-attacks. Our research portfolioâ€”spanning from basic to appliedâ€”includes data and computational engineering, high-performance computing, applied mathematics, semantic and human language technologies, machine learning, data and computing architectures, systems integration, and software and application development. Computing researchers and practitioners work side by side to apply advanced theories, methods, algorithms, models, evaluation tools and testbeds, and computational-based solutions address complex scientific challenges affecting energy, biological sciences, the environment, and national security. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's with 0-1 years' experience or a Master's degree with 0 years' experience is required. Degree in computer science, mathematics, computational linguistics or other closely related field. Working knowledge of data engineering, data science, and software design and architecture principles. Equal Employment Opportunity Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. Other Information This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance. Requirements: U.S. Citizenship Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B. Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP). Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated. _Directorate: _ _National Security Dir_ _Job Category: _ _Computation and Information Sciences_ _Group: _ _Data Sciences & Analytics_ _Opening Date: _ _2018-07-24_ _Closing Date: _ _2018-08-14_
 Earth Scientist, Cloud-Aerosol Interactions via Data Analysis & Modeling: Organization and Job ID Job ID: 308191 Directorate: Earth & Biological Sciences Division: Atmospheric Sciences & Global Change Group: Atmospheric Measurement & Data Sciences Job Description Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is recruiting an innovative early career scientist interested in inter-disciplinary research associated with developing new scientific insights into the lifecycle of organic aerosols and their impact on cloud properties using data analysis and modeling tools. This involves having a deep understanding of microphysical processes of liquid, ice, and mixed-phase clouds and how those processes are perturbed by aerosols. The candidate is also expected to be familiar with organic gas- and particle- phase chemistry associated with the formation, growth, and aging of secondary organic aerosol (SOA) since and their effect on cloud condensation and ice nuclei (CCN & IN). You will be expected to have an understanding of how aerosol properties affect cloud formation and lifetimes, absorption and scattering of light, and how meteorological processes influence the aerosol lifecycle. A strong grasp of aerosol mixing state, transport over multiple scales, and fate via wet removal and dry deposition of particles is desirable. Hypotheses regarding new process-level understanding of cloud-aerosol interactions will be evaluated within a multi-scale modeling context and rigorously evaluated using a wide range meteorological, chemical, and aerosol field campaign measurements. Knowledge of measurement uncertainty and its effect on the interpretation of model predictions is important. You will be expected to work as part of a team of scientists at PNNL with experience in both measuring and modeling aerosols. Ultimately, you will be expected to develop your own hypotheses and execute a research plan that addresses those hypotheses. Minimum Qualifications Minimum Education Requirement: BS/BA 2 yearsâ€™ experience, MS 0 yearsâ€™ experience, PhD 0 yearsâ€™ experience Technical Expertise: Contributing professional who is building a professional reputation for technical expertise. Fully applies and interprets standard theories, principles, methods, tools and technologies within specialty. Level of Responsibility: Independently completes recurring assignments. Exercises limited judgment on work details. Makes preliminary selections and adaptations of technical alternatives. Breadth of Technical Knowledge: Continues developing technical expertise and knowledge. Develops new skills. Preferred Qualifications PhD 2 yearsâ€™ experience. Preference will be given to candidates with: â€¢ Understanding of cloud microphysical processes, including those influenced by aerosols â€¢ Understanding of gas- and particle-phase aerosol atmospheric chemistry, particularly with respect to SOA â€¢ Experience analyzing a wide range meteorological, chemical, and aerosol measurements and in using these measurements to evaluate model output â€¢ Experience running and modifying code in chemical transport models, preferably WRF-Chem â€¢ Track record of high-quality publications in peer-reviewed journals â€¢ Strong communication skills â€¢ Experience with computational environments (Linux/Unix), computer languages (Fortran, Python, etc.), and analysis tools (R, NCL, Matlab, IDL, etc.) usually used for atmospheric modeling Equal Employment Opportunity Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. _Directorate: _ _Earth & Biological Sciences_ _Job Category: _ _Scientists/Scientific Support_ _Group: _ _Atmospheric Measur & Data Sci_ _Opening Date: _ _2018-08-06_ _Closing Date: _ _2018-10-02_
 DATA ENTRY OPERATOR: The mission of University of Washington Medicine is to improve the health of the public by advancing medical knowledge, providing outstanding primary and specialty care to the people of the region, and preparing tomorrow’s physicians, scientists and other health professionals. UW Medicine owns or operates the following: Harborview Medical Center, Northwest Hospital & Medical Center, Valley Medical Center, UW Medical Center, a network of UW Medicine Neighborhood Clinics that provide primary care, UW Physicians, UW School of Medicine, Airlift Northwest, and other owned, operated, or affiliated entities as appropriate. In addition, UW Medicine shares in the ownership and governance of Children’s University Medical Group and Seattle Cancer Care Alliance a partnership among UW Medicine, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research, and Seattle Children’s. The UW Medicine Contact Center is a fast-paced environment where customer service, patient care, and accuracy are the highest priorities at all times. The UW is proud to be one of the nation’s premier educational and research institutions. Our people are the most important asset in our pursuit of achieving excellence in education, research, and community service. Our staff not only enjoys outstanding benefits and professional growth opportunities, but also an environment noted for diversity, community involvement, intellectual excitement, artistic pursuits, and natural beauty. As an employee you will enjoy generous benefits and work/life programs. For a complete description of our benefits for this position, please view this page. The UW Medicine Contact Center is a fast-paced environment where customer service, patient care and accuracy are the highest priorities at all times. The Contact Center has an outstanding opportunity for a Full-Time Data Entry Operator. The mission of the Data Entry team is to improve the referral and appointment process within the UW Medicine Health System. Major Responsibilities of the Data Entry Operator include: Provide centralized support in the Contact Center by independently entering referrals into Epic software, verifying payers and plans prior to patient appointments through electronic eligibility verification and online third party support systems, and maintaining patient demographics from patient documentation to support integrity of the medical record Complete and maintain service level agreement standards through assisting the team with hundreds of referrals on daily basis, ensuring patients can access our clinics in a timely fashion Review the coverage status of patients prior to day of service through electronic eligibility verification, and the retrieval of documentation of faxes for updating patient records in Epic Enter 50+ referrals and update patient medical record information into Epic software Verify payer & plans prior to patient appointments through electronic eligibility verification and online third party support systems Maintain patient demographic information to support integrity of the medical record Serve as an liaison between clinics and Contact Center for insurance, registration, and financial counseling with reference to referrals Work with referral team to ensure all referrals sent to Contact Center are entered within 24 hour period Ensure all updates are complete within Epic, including identity changes once legal documentation has been provided Resolves patient requests in one contact or successfully manages prolonged or complex issues, with high attention to managing the customer experience and emotion. Coordinates incoming referrals to ensure all referrals are entered into the referral module in the Epic System including prior authorizations numbers when needed. Assists with coordination of referral management with clinic staff and providers to ensure optimal access to specialty care. Coordinates with Financial Service Counselors to ensure applications for coverage are initiated prior to appointment. Completes and enters the Medicare as Secondary Payer online form accurately for all Medicare accounts, and initiates the Advanced Beneficiary Notice as appropriate. Coordinates with Interpreter Services as indicated. Demonstrates in depth knowledge of UW Medicine’s mission, vision and service offerings. Adheres to contact center processes and workflow with an attention to continuous quality improvement. Meets or exceeds contact center performance standards and measures with a focus on quality, accuracy and timeliness. Reaches and maintains incremental productivity levels within predetermined time frames (i.e. six, nine and twelve months). Complies with the UW Medicine risk management, compliance, and information security program requirements, including accurate and timely reporting of all adverse incidents as described in the related policies. Observes principles of data security and patient confidentiality. Maintain ethical standards in the performance of duties and in interactions with patients, coworkers and health care professionals. Demonstrates professional demeanor in appearance and behavior in all work-related interactions. Participates and completes the required training program including annual Safety training and all required HIPAA and Compliance training. Participates in ongoing technical, customer service, and other training to continually improve skills and stay current with changes in operations. REQUIREMENTS: High School/GED AND one year of office clerical support experience OR equivalent education/experience. The University of Washington is a leader in environmental stewardship & sustainability, and committed to becoming climate neutral. The University of Washington is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.
 Data Scientist: As a Data Scientist at REI, you will have the opportunity to work on rich, cross-functional data sets and influence the long term evolution of our analytics capability. You should have excellent technical, business and communication skills and be able to translate key business questions into data acquisition processes, data sets, statistical models and analysis that answer those questions. You will drive regular deep, topical analyses on a broad range of strategic and tactical questions ranging from customer relationship management to web analytics and supply chain. This versatile role leverages an understanding of statistical modelling, combined with technical aptitude and business understanding to build capacity and insights, enabling REI to deliver outstanding customer experiences. The ideal candidate is a self-starter with a wide range of technical & analytical skills, and is highly proficient in turning data discoveries into cogent, actionable insights. As an early team member, you will play a key role in the genetic coding of a data science practice by shaping the technology and vision of our team Display an infectious intellectual curiosity and fortitude, with a deep commitment to learning and applying to solve critical business problems and push the boundary of our capabilities Thrive in an environment of flux and uncertainty by applying equal parts scientific objectivity and intellectual ingenuity to solving problems and proving out hypothesis and long-held beliefs Proactively develop new metrics and studies to quantify the value of different aspects of business processes and consumer behavior Translate analytic insights into concrete, actionable recommendations for business or product improvement Proficiency at querying relational databases (SQL) and ability to automate and maintain processes to pull & integrate data from multiple, heterogeneous sources Translate and effectively communicate future business needs into requirements that inform enterprise analytics platform strategy Integration of internally and externally produced unstructured, semi-structured, and relational data sources Build and maintain processes to acquire, transform, and curate multiple types of data necessary for analysis and insights Possess strong writing, data visualization and communication skills with the ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to senior executives. Have a strong passion for answering hard questions with data and demonstrated ability to conceptualize, incubate, and implement new ideas across multiple levels of the organization Revel in the complex, but seek to simplify and clarify in your analysis and communications Other Duties as Assigned: May perform other ‘ancillary’ duties as assigned including but not limited to work such as coordination of testing, tuning, troubleshooting, business consultation, training and organizational change management. Bring your passion and expertise 5+ years of related work experience as a data scientist, predictive analyst, statistician, or quantitative analyst Demonstrated ability to self-educate and learn while doing in a highly complex, ambiguous, and rapidly changing environment. Strong experience in developing sound analytics-based solutions to business problems Hadoop knowledge/Experience, Map Reduce, HBASE/HIVE, Basic Spark Proficiency in at least one modern programming language and a statistical programming language, Python & R preferred Deep experience with SQL and relational data models along with stout visualization (Tableau, D3, etc) and MS (Excel, VBA, etc.) skills Excellence in applying analytical rigor & technical proficiency to the business environment Proficiency in communicating complex technical and analytical concepts to non-technical audiences and flexing communication styles to meet the needs of the audiences across all levels of the organization Previous experience in a multi-channel retail environment Why you'll love it here REI Information Technology is a team of creative and smart technologists who work in a collaborative environment to build business value through technology. And, we have the support of a great company to tackle some dynamic challenges that will keep REI relevant for years to come. If you have a passion for the outdoors and want to be a part of innovating retail technology, this job is for you.
Data Scientist: zulily is an online retailer obsessed with bringing our customers something special every day. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, including clothing, home decor, accessories, toys and gifts, giving customers something new to discover each morning at an incredible price. We are fast-paced, innovative, data- and metric-driven. We have an immediate need for an experienced industry Data Scientist. As a Data Scientist at zulily you’ll use statistical and machine learning techniques to better understand how customers engage with zulily’s web and mobile e-commerce platforms, and use that information to better allocate resources across zulily, from recommender systems informing the e-commerce site, to acquisition and lifecycle marketing processes, to operations. You’ll work with key stakeholders to crisply define business questions, success criteria, and deployment plans. You’ll use reproducible research techniques to create analytical data sets, conduct exploratory data analysis, select and engineer features, train, tune, and evaluate candidate models, distill and present findings, and create cloud-ready production and reference implementations. What you will own, manage, and be accountable for: Constructs analytic data sets for both exploration and modeling Conducts exploratory data analysis and prepares visualizations summarizing key features of the data Researches and adapts existing open source algorithms when possible, develops novel techniques when needed Develops reproducible information products and modular, instrumented software Develops accurate models for prediction and inference Provides guidance to software development engineers on production implementations Develops program plans and road maps for Data Science Works with stakeholders to define business questions, success criteria, and model deployment plans. Checks in regularly with stakeholders during projects We also want to let you know about what you can expect when you work at zulily: We have a well-defined career path for our technical talent, with measurable goals. zulily understands the value of learning; every tech employee receives an annual education budget for personal development. This includes external classes, training, conferences, etc. We also encourage you to bring your new knowledge back to the team to share! In addition, zulily also has internal L & D tools and opportunities available. HTO (Hack Time Off) - You have great ideas – here’s some extra time to work on them! All exempt employees will be granted 5 days of “Hack Time Off” per year – PAID! You can partner with other teams on innovative ideas. Giving back: Every quarter we offer zulily full-time employees 8 hours of PAID volunteer time. We also encourage you to get a team of volunteers together and make a difference in the community. Zuniversity is a lecture/fireside series that allows you to meet with local influencers and learn about what is going on in our community. QUALIFICATIONS Qualified Candidates Possess: Education: Bachelor's Degree with a concentration in one of the following: Statistics / Ops. Research / CS. Highly Preferred: a Master's Degree with a concentration in Data Science / Analytics 3 – 5 years working with real data sets in a business setting Experience distilling and presenting complex concepts to a business audience Solid Knowledge of for-profit business operations Demonstrated history of scoping small to medium size projects Experience with different algorithm families and experience selecting, applying, and measuring model performance in a non-academic setting A professional background that includes working with machine learning and optimization techniques in a non-academic setting Expertise in data integration with SQL, as well as within a statistical programming language such as R or Python in a non-academic setting Practical knowledge and application of best practices in reproducible research and software engineering Well-versed in all phases of the modeling pipeline on both desktop and distributed/cloud platforms in a non-academic setting Experience with classical statistics and knowledge of design of experiments The ability to start FT work with zulily upon offer Bonus: proficiency in Spark zulily is an Equal Opportunity Employer zulily participates in E-Verify. zulily will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. You may reach us at (206) 388-0920.
Data Scientist: Who we are: Rover.com connects pet parents with the nation’s largest network of pet sitters and dog walkers. On Rover, pet parents can easily discover, book, and manage personalized care for their dogs including pet sitting, dog walking, and doggy day care. Founded in 2011 on the belief that everyone should have the opportunity to experience the unconditional love of a dog, Rover improves and simplifies life for pet parents and the dogs they love. We're headquartered in downtown Seattle. We're an agile, fast-growing startup, and our leadership comes from some of the country's most respected tech companies. Our Senior Leadership team has been recognized by Forbes, Seattle Business, and Geekwire. For the past three years we have been nominated as one of Seattle's "Best Places to Work" by Seattle Business Magazine, and celebrated awards in 2016 and 2017 by Seattle Met magazine and the Puget Sound Business Journal. We're also the recipient of World’s Most Dog-Friendly Offices in 2016 by Inc.com. Needless to say (but we're going to say it anyway)—we love dogs, and we wouldn't dream of going to work without them by our sides. Who we're looking for: We are looking for people who understand that behind every data point there is a pet and a pet person. When you develop and deploy an algorithm, you are not just producing a score or rule set, you are altering the customer experience and impacting the business in measurable ways. You should be excited to tackle a broad array of problems and work in a fast-paced, collaborative startup environment. What does Data Science mean at Rover? At Rover we obsess over our customers’ needs, relying heavily on data to improve the customer journey, and to continuously optimize outcomes in our marketplaces. Our entire organization is metric driven and underpinned by data science. Data scientists are responsible for defining the right metrics, understanding nuanced marketplace dynamics, and developing models and algorithms that power our business and technology. As a Data Scientist You Will: Identify opportunities to operate the marketplace more efficiently, working closely with business, product, and engineering leaders Build multivariate models to arrive at inferences or predict future behavior Develop algorithms that match owners with providers or solve other customer needs Design and analyze A/B user tests and marketplace experiments, often in partnership with product managers Deploy machine learning models at scale, writing production code in collaboration with machine learning platform engineers Your Toolset Includes: SQL Python or R Google Analytics or similar user funnel analytics tools Tableau, Looker, or similar data visualization tools Data-informed decision making with rigorous split testing. Integrated teams with developers, designers and analysts working side-by-side. Your Qualifications: B.S in a quantitative discipline required; advanced degree (MS or PhD) preferred Strong analytical, technical and coding skills Expertise in one or more core data science disciplines (e.g, supervised learning, machine learning, etc) Marketplace experience preferred Experience in online user testing preferred 2+ years of experience in a technical role Why We’ll Hire You: You are familiar with more than just the basics, and have more than cursory experience with at least sub-discipline in the broad field of data science. In other words, you know where the sharp edges are, and can lead decisions around what techniques are and are not appropriate to employ for particular classes of problem You’re a deeply analytical thinker who is passionate about finding structure in data, and using data to drive real value to the end user (and thus the business). You are passionate about our core business. You will instinctively dig into every aspect of what it means to be a dog sitter and a dog owner on the Rover platform. You can take abstractly defined problems and work with (imperfect) data to drive decisions You are a great partner to engineers and business owners alike You can pitch your own ideas and shepherd them through to completion You show a pattern of being self-started, self-taught and self-directed You favor open communication with willingness to ask and answer questions You are output- and outcome-oriented You have excellent written and verbal communication skills You play nicely with others (and dogs) Benefits of Working at Rover.com: Competitive compensation 401k Stock options 4 weeks paid time off Competitive benefits package, including medical, dental, and vision insurance Commuter benefits Bring your dog to work (and unlimited puppy time) Doggy benefits, including $1,000 toward adopting your first dog Stocked fridges, coffee, soda, and lots of treats (for humans and dogs) Free catered lunches semi-monthly Regular team activities, including happy hours, snow tubing, game nights, and more 50 free dog walks a year This position is based at Rover HQ in Downtown Seattle. Competitive salary & benefits depending on experience. Candidates must be eligible to work in the US.
Data Scientist: Education in the field of computer science/statistics and having prior experience in data science Knowledge of C, SQL and R/Python is required Proven working experience as a data scientist in the information technology sector Solid technical background, with understanding or hands-on experience in software development, data science and statistics Excellent written and verbal communication skills Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking skills Knowledge of machine learning is a plus Our Client is immediately looking for a Data Scientist for Bellevue location. Client is developing Predictive Analytics for Finance (Macro, Sector, Equity). Client is using Big Data to make predictions in the Finance domain. Expereince with Predictive Analytics , Machine Learning , Artificial Intelligence , Data Mining , R , Python , C , SQL Server is required. Client is building financial predictions with Big Data and AI/ML techniques. Work closely with other data scientists in the team Work independently on a project and take it to completion Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation Create and maintain data-generation/model-prediction pipelines Work on ad-hoc projects as required
Data Scientist: Job Description AWS Hardware Engineering is looking for a Data Scientist to evolve our design approach to create the most optimized designs for AWS data centers Work hard, have fun, make history. Interested in a team with strong culture and camaraderie? Have the passion to build the best experience possible for customers and the drive to actually ship it? I would love to talk to you Basic Qualifications B.S. degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science or a similar quantitative field 3+ years work experience in relevant field Experience with R, Python, Weka, SAS, Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software. Experience working with a wide range of predictive and decision models and data mining techniques, as well as tools for developing such models Understanding of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc. Preferred Qualifications Experience applying various machine learning techniques, and understanding the key parameters that affect their performance. Experience in one or more natural language processing topics: tagging, syntactic parsing, word sense disambiguation, topic modeling; contextual text mining, and application of deep learning to NLP. Experience developing experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, and the ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationships Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role with a large technology company. Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
Senior Data Journalist: We believe that the future of writing is knowing who will respond to anything you write before you even publish it. Textio’s category-defining augmented writing platform is delighting customers, and we’re looking for a Senior Data Journalist with a strong sense of ownership to join our Seattle team. You’ll start from a great foundation. We have a powerful brand, exceptional PR, and lots of great content. Best of all, Textio’s vast language data set allows our platform to discover fascinating narratives, and we love sharing them. All told, the Textio blog got hundreds of thousands of visitors last year. Our readership is executive, global, and growing fast. As more and more leaders realize that augmented writing is going to define enterprise technology over the next decade, there is a voracious appetite for data narratives about the way people are writing and talking. If you’re a data-minded language person with a penchant for storytelling, there is no better content leadership job in the industry. (We know; we’ve read them all!) What you'll be doing: Plan, write, and collaborate on the narratives we tell, including building a rich, detailed, long-form writing discipline. Own and create content for our Word Nerd blog from end to end, and tackle writing copy across multiple mediums. Work with language data sets and turn data insights into compelling narratives. Interview customers, industry leaders, and teammates across disciplines and tell their stories. Cultivate a community of writers at Textio and among our customers, edit their work, and help them bring out their best work. Last year, more than half our company wrote for our blog. Partner with our marketing team on brand-building opportunities and challenges. How can we maximize our social media influence? Make our emails land? Spread the word about augmented writing? We’d love to hear from you if: You’ve read our blog at https://textio.ai [https://textio.ai/], and you love this kind of writing. You know how to tell data stories for real people; your work speaks not only to data scientists and linguists, but to anyone. You understand that the best data narratives are funny, fascinating, or both. You have a background in linguistics, psychology, data journalism, or another social science, and/or you know how to use math to understand how language works and explain it to people. You know how to make a story last across channels (social media, webinar, email marketing, etc.) and bring a testing mentality help us improve. You’re eager to prove that you can innovate by trying new tactics. You are a superb communicator verbally and in writing—Textio stands for editorial quality, and you do too. You ask smart questions and are an exceptional listener who can find the gem in a customer interview. You understand that sometimes a great data visualization is worth a thousand words. You are a disciplined self-starter who has the ability to juggle multiple, demanding initiatives concurrently. You sweat the small stuff and keep SEO in mind. You have a point of view but are low ego. This is a leadership role on our growing brand team. Great writing about language data is a mainstay of what we do at Textio, and you’re just the right person to develop this discipline for us. Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!
Data Scientist (Data Insights): Data Scientist (Data Insights) Full-time Bellevue, WA Job Description Get to know the team: The Data Insights team, also known as the Business Data Platform, owns the online real-time single source of truth for all user data at Grab. Get to know the Role : Develop a deep behavioral understanding and intuition of our passengers and drivers Manage and own the entire end-to-end lifecycle of designing models, working with Engineering for implementation, to maintenance and enforcement Generate multivariate statistical models to identify latent factors, preventive and preemptive capabilities that the framework requires Interface with business & operation teams to formulate solutions & product changes informed by your findings Work independently or in a team to solve complex problem statements The day-to-day activities : Translate these intuitions into actionable, creative insights that produces heuristic or classification models to identify and take down those who violate our Terms of Services Test and validate these insights via rapid experimentation and deployment Develop creative algorithms by employing machine learning, and data mining techniques Contribute to team’s innovation and IP creation Build, validate, test, and deploy machine learning models (e.g. predictive, forecasting, clustering) using proven and experimental techniques. Deploy an online learning model where applicable Define hypotheses, develop and execute necessary tests, experiments, and analyses to prove or disprove them Translate data speak to human speak by effectively conceptualizing analysis to team members and business stakeholders The must haves : Proficient in RDBMS such as PostgresQL or MySQL; and statistical programming in languages like R, Python, Java, C++ or SAS Experience in ETL, feature selections, modeling, model validation and conducting data analyses using R, SQL, Python or any JVM languages Deep understanding and implementation experience of predictive modeling algorithms such as logistic regression, neural networks, forward propagation, decision trees and heuristic models, with familiarity dealing with trade offs between model performance and business needs Experience in interfacing with other teams and departments to deliver impact solutions for organisation Self-motivated, independent learner, and enjoy sharing knowledge with team members Detail-oriented and efficient time manager in a dynamic and fast-paced working environment Really nice to haves : Experience in geospatial databases or graph databases Recent programming experience in a production environment Experience in Scala or PySpark on distributed systems Interest in working with MapReduce technologies (such as Hadoop / Spark) Familiarity with Python Scikit Learn, Panda or Spark ML/Mllib is a plus
 Associate Data Scientist: Who we are: Rover.com connects pet parents with the nation’s largest network of pet sitters and dog walkers. On Rover, pet parents can easily discover, book, and manage personalized care for their dogs including pet sitting, dog walking, and doggy day care. Founded in 2011 on the belief that everyone should have the opportunity to experience the unconditional love of a dog, Rover improves and simplifies life for pet parents and the dogs they love. We're headquartered in downtown Seattle. We're an agile, fast-growing startup, and our leadership comes from some of the country's most respected tech companies. Our Senior Leadership team has been recognized by Forbes, Seattle Business, and Geekwire. For the past three years we have been nominated as one of Seattle's "Best Places to Work" by Seattle Business Magazine, and celebrated awards in 2016 and 2017 by Seattle Met magazine and the Puget Sound Business Journal. We're also the recipient of World’s Most Dog-Friendly Offices in 2016 by Inc.com. Needless to say (but we're going to say it anyway)—we love dogs, and we wouldn't dream of going to work without them by our sides. Who we're looking for: We are looking for people who understand that behind every data point there is a pet and a pet person. When you develop and deploy an algorithm, you are not just producing a score or rule set, you are altering the customer experience and impacting the business in measurable ways. You should be excited to tackle a broad array of problems and work in a fast-paced, collaborative startup environment. What does Data Science mean at Rover? At Rover we obsess over our customers’ needs, relying heavily on data to improve the customer journey, and to continuously optimize outcomes in our marketplaces. Our entire organization is metric driven and underpinned by data science. Data scientists are responsible for defining the right metrics, understanding nuanced marketplace dynamics, and developing models and algorithms that power our business and technology. As a Data Scientist You Will: Identify opportunities to operate the marketplace more efficiently, working closely with business, product, and engineering leaders Build multivariate models to arrive at inferences or predict future behavior Develop algorithms that match owners with providers or solve other customer needs Design and analyze A/B user tests and marketplace experiments, often in partnership with product managers Deploy machine learning models at scale, writing production code in collaboration with machine learning platform engineers Your Toolset Includes: SQL Python or R Google Analytics or similar user funnel analytics tools Tableau, Looker, or similar data visualization tools Data-informed decision making with rigorous split testing. Integrated teams with developers, designers and analysts working side-by-side. Your Qualifications: B.S in a quantitative discipline required; advanced degree (MS or PhD) preferred Strong analytical, technical and coding skills Why We’ll Hire You: You’re a deeply analytical thinker who is passionate about finding structure in data, and using data to drive real value to the end user (and thus the business). You are passionate about our core business. You will instinctively dig into every aspect of what it means to be a dog sitter and a dog owner on the Rover platform. You can take abstractly defined problems and work with (imperfect) data to drive decisions You are a great partner to engineers and business owners alike You can pitch your own ideas and shepherd them through to completion You show a pattern of being self-started, self-taught and self-directed You favor open communication with willingness to ask and answer questions You are output- and outcome-oriented You have excellent written and verbal communication skills You play nicely with others (and dogs) Benefits of Working at Rover.com: Competitive compensation 401k Stock options 4 weeks paid time off Competitive benefits package, including medical, dental, and vision insurance Commuter benefits Bring your dog to work (and unlimited puppy time) Doggy benefits, including $1,000 toward adopting your first dog Stocked fridges, coffee, soda, and lots of treats (for humans and dogs) Free catered lunches semi-monthly Regular team activities, including happy hours, snow tubing, game nights, and more 50 free dog walks a year This position is based at Rover HQ in Downtown Seattle. Competitive salary & benefits depending on experience. Candidates must be eligible to work in the US.
Data & Applied Scientist: Email and Query Intelligence team is a part of the core AI team at Microsoft and is responsible for enabling intelligence in Microsoft products like Outlook, Bing, Windows and Cortana. We research & develop natural language processing & machine learning infrastructure to process billions of emails and documents a day extracting key inferences & knowledge, serving several powerful intelligent experiences to billions of users guiding them and their organizations make smart decisions. You'd be part of a team working to modernize the way users discover, navigate and search across their organization’s Office365 corpus and help make them more productive. We strive to break down the barriers of traditional search and instead offer the most relevant and contextual based suggestions to help users discover the content they are looking for; spanning their Contacts, Emails, Documents and their organization's data. We work very closely with the Office 365 team to guarantee user privacy and compliance while also offering users a robust set of experiences that help them find what they're looking for. We’re looking for highly motivated, and innovative senior software engineers and technical leaders who are passionate about building distributed systems to deploy and serve machine learning, classification and language translation based end to end solutions. Responsibilities You will work with a team of applied scientists and developers who are responsible for all stages of the research & development cycle including early ideation, design, implementation and scaling it internationally. Your responsibilities will include: Ship large-scale backend services that host complex models and algorithms to process critical user data Develop offline pipelines to monitor, extract, index and build ML & NLP models Collaborate with fellow engineers to build demos and apps to showcase these services Capture feedback from implicit signals from end users and iterate Pursue high impact work to quickly deliver on critical areas that our users value. Deliver high quality features in a highly collaborative team environment Qualifications Required Qualifications: Bachelor degree in CS, EE or equivalent Strong experience in designing, developing and shipping software (Minimum: 3 years, Preferred: 5 years) Excellent coding abilities in C, C++ or Java Strong programming and algorithm design skills and real passion for data driven decision-making Preferred Qualifications: Experience in natural language processing, machine leaning, deep learning or data mining area a big bonus 5+ years designing, developing and shipping software Strong verbal and written communication skills with excellent interpersonal communication and collaboration skills Enjoy learning and ramping up on new technologies quickly. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Data Scientist: Job Description Neal Analytics is a Gold partner to Microsoft and a leading Data Science and Analytics firm in the Northwest seeking a Data Scientist who has commercial client experience with voice, image, and video analytics. The ideal candidate will have a strong data science background and follow established processes to develop models and statistical analysis while ef fectively working in a collaborative team environment. Qualifications Qualification Requirements:  Building models using first principals, e.g., CNN, RNN, NN  Training models with terabit (or larger) size data sets  Experience with TensorFlow and CNTK  Worked with digital signal processing approaches  Solid experience with text analytics, OCR, elastic search  Work with Software Development Engineers, Data Engineers, and Application developers to execute tasks/projects Education:  PhD level competency in math, stats, or computer science  Proven track record developing advanced analytical tools  Work experience in a consulting setting is a plus Additional Information All information will be kept confidential. All the best, Jairrah Mae Salazar Recruiter | Neal Analytics
 Junior Data Scientist: Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description: Job Family Summary Data Science incorporates techniques across many disciplines – including mathematics/statistics, computer programming, data engineering and ETL, software development, and high performance computing – with traditional business expertise with the goal of extracting meaning from data to optimize future business decisions. Individuals in this field should be an expert/fluent in several of these disciplines and sufficiently proficient in others to effectively design, build, and deliver end to end predictive analytics products to optimize future decisions. Individual should demonstrate sufficient analytic agility to quickly develop new skills across these disciplines as those disciplines evolve. This position resides within the D3: Data, Discovery & Decision Science department. D3 leverages data & analytics to help the enterprise understand the best course of action to deliver on our corporate priorities, improve our business processes to gain operational efficiency and better equip our agencies and employees with the tools and insights necessary to better serve our customers and live into our customer value proposition. The Data Scientist family is accountable for using data to make decisions, which includes building predictive models and developing new machine learning techniques that enable Allstate to make better decisions to achieve its goals. The Data Scientist Family requires Analytic Agility, the ability to quickly learn new modeling/machine learning techniques, programming languages, and see how these ideas can integrate to optimize the business. Job Summary _The Junior Data Scientist position is an entry level role with a start date in Summer 2018._ This role is responsible for leading the use of data to make decisions. This includes: The development and execution of new machine learning predictive modeling algorithms, the coding\development of tools that use machine learning/predictive modeling to make business decisions, searching for and integrating new data (both internal and external) that improves our modeling and machine learning results (and ultimately our decisions), and discovery of solutions to business problems that can be solved through the use of machine learning/predictive modeling. This role will also begin to manage projects of small to medium complexity. Key Responsibilities: Uses best practices, with limited coaching, to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs Utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down basic and occasionally moderately complex projects into tasks and ensure deadlines are kept Uses and learns a wide variety of tools and languages to achieve results (e.g., R, SAS, Python, Hadoop) Collaborates with the team in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions through the use of data and machine learning/predictive modeling Innovates on projects by using new modeling techniques or tools Contributes on a wide variety of projects Executes on modeling/machine learning projects effectively Communicates findings to team and leadership ensure models are well understood and incorporated into business processes Works with leaders to ensure the project will meet their needs Maximizes personal professional development to ensure continuation of a personal contribution to the team and Allstate Reviews and evaluates on appropriateness of techniques, given current modeling practices, to senior leadership Qualifications: _Target Start Date: Summer 2018_ Currently pursuing and will be completing a Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, computer science, physics, finance or economics. Master’s or PhD is preferred. Experience in using statistical modeling and/or machine learning techniques to build models that have driven company decision making preferred Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets Experience in working with statistical software such as SAS, SPSS, MatLab, R, CART, etc. preferred Ability to code and develop prototypes in languages such as Python, Perl, Java, C preferred Knowledge of advanced modeling technique preferred Demonstrated analytic agility Ability to analyze and interpret moderate to complex concepts Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise _This position is posted in multiple office locations. Please_ _ONLY_ _apply to the location you are most interested in._ The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.
 Data Scientist: At least 4+ years of strong experience in data science Good exposure and hands on experience on R Strong experience in forecasting techniques and text mining Prior experience of working on Marketing data Knowledge of at least one visualization tool between Power BI/ Tableau PowerBI preferred Primary Location : US-WA-Seattle Job : Associate Business Analyst Organization : Brillio LLC United States BU Day Job Job Posting : Jul 14, 2018, 6:36:28 PM
 Data Scientist: Trader Interactive is looking for a Data Scientist to help transform our flagship online marketplace products. Data is at the core of our products. As a Data Scientist you will leverage and evolve Trader Interactive’s Big Data infrastructure and help to create a state-of-the-art machine learning capability. You will play a key role in developing data-driven products to propel the growth of our business. You will collaborate with a strong team of engineers, product managers, business managers and fellow data scientists, in defining future innovation for data products in our marketplaces. You should be a sophisticated user of advanced quantitative techniques for answering business questions, and an expert at synthesizing and communicating insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication. Sample project areas that you will work on include pricing models, recommendation engines, churn predictions, NLP models for lead quality, and fraud analysis. We are in a fast-evolving yet nascent market, as far as the use of data is concerned. As a result you will have the opportunity to go beyond the ordinary and work on high impact, innovative solutions. Your primary focus will be on: Constructing innovative solutions for enhancing consumer experiences by deeply understanding and exploring data Bringing to life creative applications of statistical, mathematical and machine learning techniques, to solve real business problems Working with medium-to-large datasets using R, Python and SQL Collaborate with a team of engineers and other Data Scientists to Integrate statistical and machine learning models into large scale web products This is a full-time role in our Seattle, WA office. About Trader Interactive At Trader Interactive, we view the world from the “outside in”, putting our users first, focusing on solving their problems and delivering products they value and love. We run the world’s biggest marketplaces for lifestyle vehicles (RV, motorcycles, ATV, Snowmobiles) and commercial equipment. Some of our sites include RV Trader, Cycle Trader, Commercial Truck Trader and Equipment Trader. Collectively, we reach millions of consumers, power thousands of dealer websites, and offer smart tools to assist dealers in more effectively running their businesses and serving their customers. At our core we are a fast-growing technology company, at the intersection of physical and digital economies. Our products are powered by an innovative AI powered Cloud platform which has been the enabler for the digital transformation of traditional markets such as RVs, Motorcycles, and Commercial Equipment and is now helping transform these further by participating in the new sharing economy.
Data Scientist: We are looking for talented Data Scientists to join the Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence (ML/AI) team. You are a talented data scientist that is tired of applying basic statistical tools to yet another set of KPI’s. You are passionate about deriving creative solutions from imagery using cutting edge computer vision techniques and big data pipelines. You are excited about the analytical potential and challenges associated with processing petabytes of time-series imagery. You are intrigued by being a part of a collaborative team, spearheading ML/AI applications for realizing unprecedented, scalable products. PRIMARY RESPONSIBLITIES Help to aggregate, clean, and organize data for machine learning applications Collaborate with scientists and engineers to develop/scale Python and similar algorithms to cloud environments Process raster and vector data using Python and OpenCV-like libraries for ingestion into neural nets Work with the team to develop new techniques and capabilities using machine learning and neural networks Research and experiment new technologies that can improve algorithm applications Python, R or similar language Experience with Amazon AWS or comparable cloud processing Experience with Linux-based command line environments SQL knowledge Experience with Neural Networks & predictive analytics (class projects are fine) Ability to work independently & excellent communication skills Minimum BA or BS in computer science, engineering or related field or equivalent work experience WHAT DOESN’T DESCRIBE YOU: A desire to only work on things you are most familiar with Fear of dynamically changing, uncertain, or unestablished requirements A desire for explicit tasking on a daily basis EagleView® Technologies offers competitive pay and robust benefit plans along with the opportunity to grow your career in a fast-paced, fun and casual environment. EagleView and its subsidiaries are committed to leveraging the talent of a diverse workforce to create great opportunities for our business and our people. EOE/AA. Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran.
 Cybercrime Data Analyst: Do you have a passion for snooping through big data in innovative ways to not only root out online fraud, but also catch the cybercriminal behind the computer? Do you fancy yourself as a CSI Investigator who loves nothing more than to search for the missing pieces that will solve the mystery? If so, we may have the right job for you. Microsoft is seeking to hire an experienced cybercrime data analyst/investigator to join its Fraud Investigations Team. This team finds and drives closure of vulnerabilities that fraudsters exploit across all Microsoft’s ecommerce businesses and also identifies and disrupts groups and individuals who defraud Microsoft and its customers. We need a self-starter with drive and tenacity who will find unique and creative ways to disrupt fraud. You’ll work with one of the most forward-thinking teams in the industry to find and disrupt fraudsters around the world. You’ll support the fraud prevention team with data and intelligence to enable anti-fraud systems to perform at their peak effectiveness. You’ll also work with Microsoft attorneys, law enforcement, private investigators, and industry peers to take disruptive actions against cybercriminals and prevent future fraud. This is not a role for dashboard-generating automatons or flighty data academics. The cybercrime data analyst will square off against sophisticated and persistent fraudsters, mindbogglingly massive data sets, and a fast-paced and dynamic environment where the path to results is often ambiguous and always challenging. For the tenacious, inventive, and hard-working data sleuth; dueling in this arena can be loads of fun. Come join our team and help make Microsoft the safest place for people and companies all over the globe to buy and sell online! Responsibilities Work directly with Fraud Investigators, Data Scientists, Program Managers and Engineers in support of the Anti-Fraud mission Perform data analysis and reporting on large and complex data sets to find patterns and anomalies that can be used to bring cases against fraudsters and bolster the accuracy of the fraud prevention system Help identify and implement data and process enhancements to improve efficiency and team productivity Adhere to platform KPIs related to accuracy, decision time, and productivity Qualifications Desired experience and technical skills: Bachelor’s degree preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Management Information Systems, Informatics, Statistics, or a similar field of study. Other relevant experience considered in lieu of specific degree. 3+ years of experience combining and analyzing large, complex data sets to detect anomalies, develop actionable insights, and generate tactical intelligence. Experience specifically detecting and analyzing fraud, abuse, or other unlawful activity in a large-scale financial system, identity system, advertising platform, and/or comparable environment is strongly preferred Experience conducting quantitative analysis, to include a working knowledge of descriptive statistics and how to apply them Excellent verbal and written communication skills to include the ability to clearly and succinctly explain analytical findings to a diverse array of audiences Advanced T-SQL scripting ability Advanced user of Microsoft Office products, especially Excel Experience coding C or comparable scripting language to transform/analyze data is strongly preferred Experience in ecommerce, online advertising, law enforcement, and/or investigations a plus Data visualization experience beyond Excel (Tableau, i2, or Maltego) a plus Comfortable working with analysts, engineering and data science teams acorss the company and industry Comfortable presenting and training colleagues Excellent spoken and written English Ability to implement others’ ideas and requests as well as generate your own Self-motivated, tenacious, strong team player Analytical and technical mindset Ability to plan and execute projects on behalf of a team with a wide range of tasks Desire to learn and improve constantly Desire to contribute to a world-class team on a world-class platform for a world-class company Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.
Senior Data Scientist: Requirements: Expertise Other Job Type Full-Time Regular Location TX - Richardson
Business Data Analyst/ Junior Data Scientist: Requisition Id : 111705 Additional Work Location(s) : Harman International is expanding its engineering team in Munich, Germany to create the next generation in automotive driver automation. We are developing Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS), Highly Autonomous Driving (HAD), and Fully Autonomous Driving (FAD) systems. This position is based i n Munich, Germany – best technology hub in Europe developing cutting edge technologies, the Silicon Valley of Germany. As a Business Analyst/Junior Data Scientist, you will initially focus on collecting and analyzing data from autonomous car projects levels 1 and 2 and supporting the senior staff of data scientists and data architects. As responsibility increases over time, your role is expected to transition to a data scientist or data architect. Key Primary responsibilities Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats. Designs new computer programs by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications. Improves systems by studying current practices; designing modifications. Requirements Knowledge in Artificial Neural Networks and Computer Vision for solving problems associated with Autonomous Driving. Programming skills include Python, R, TensorFlow, KERAS, and OpenCV. Scala is a plus. Experience in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and advanced Predictive Modeling techniques. Statistical Model Development and deployment; Analytics (Predictive Analytics); Big Data; and High Performance Computing Bachelor/Master/PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or related field HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automation solutions; and services supporting the Internet of Things. With leading brands including AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon®, Mark Levinson® and Revel®, HARMAN is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues where they perform around the world. More than 25 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and connected car systems. Our software services power billions of mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated and secure across all platforms, from work and home to car and mobile. HARMAN has a workforce of approximately 30,000 people across the Americas, Europe, and Asia. In March 2017, HARMAN became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued? Come see what you can achieve as a leader with HARMAN! (www.harman.com)
Data Scientist: Ericsson Overview: Ericsson is world’s leading provider of communications technology and services. Our offerings include services, consulting, software and infrastructure within Information and Communications Technology. Using innovation to empower people, business and society, Ericsson is working towards the Networked Society: a world connected in real time that will open up opportunities to create freedom, transform society and drive solutions to some of our planet’s greatest challenges. We are truly a global company, operating across borders in over 180 countries, offering a diverse, performance-driven culture and an innovative and engaging environment. As an Ericsson employee, you will have freedom to think big and the support to turn ideas into achievements. Continuous learning and growth opportunities allow you to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to progress and reach your career goals. We invite you to join our team. Position Summary: Responsible for developing scientific methods, processes, and systems to extract knowledge or insights to drive the future of applied analytics. Provide thought leadership, perform Advanced Statistical Analytics, and create insights into data to provide to the business actionable insights, identify trends, and measure performance which address business problems. Collaborate with business and process owners to understand business issues, and with engineers to implement and deploy scalable solutions, where applicable. As a Data Scientist, you will need to have strong programming skills and strong understanding of data science and Machine Learning tools. You will use your knowledge and/or experience in Data Science methodologies to solve challenging business and operational problems RESPONSIBILITIES & TASKS: Build advanced statistical models, algorithms, and trend analysis to discover predictive insights related to network and business objectives Translate data algorithms and complex ideas into actionable management insights and solutions Translate business objectives into business intelligence trough regressive data analytics Explore and work on Big Data tools and technologies to sustain our continued operational transformation objectives and Industry leadership Research and develop approaches on how to improve business processes and customers’ experience by using our vast amounts of data. CORE COMPETENCIES Strong skills in Machine Learning especially techniques such as Linear/Logistic Regression, Bagging, Bayesian model, Neural Networks, Random forest, Gradient boosting, Hyperparameter optimization techniques etc. Proven skills and record of accomplishment (GitHub, open source etc.) in the use of current state of the art machine learning frameworks such as Kera’s, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, H2O, Spark etc. in developing Machine Learning (ML) / Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications Experience of data wrangling and data munging, using Big Data technologies Strong analytical skills and ability to acquire new knowledge and apply it in the job Programming skills in various languages (C++, Scala, Java, R) with proficiency in Python and/or C++ Good communication skills in written and spoken English Creativity and ability to formulate problems and solve them independently Ability to develop and drive new ways of working, to produce deliverables in a more efficient way Previous experience on a similar job (at least 3 years) with proven results delivery. Good knowledge of statistical analysis, theory of probabilities, design of experiments and machine learning. Acumen for business flow understanding and expertise in data preparation-data mining and pre-processing. Strong Knowledge of SQL, PL/SQL, SQL Server, SPSS, SPAS Good command of programming language and software environment for statistical analysis, graphics representation and reporting i.e. R, Python; Knowledge of Business Objects Distributed computing paradigms such as different distributions of Hadoop, Spark. Presenting & communicating information Persuading & Influencing MINIMUM QUALIFICATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS BSc, or MSc in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or related field (e.g. applied mathematics/statistics) Minimum 3 years of real world or research experience in data science. DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Plano || IT
Data Scientist 2: Description The Data Scientist 2 uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Data Scientist 2 work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. Responsibilities The Data Scientist 2 develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Understands department, segment, and organizational strategy and operating objectives, including their linkages to related areas. Makes decisions regarding own work methods, occasionally in ambiguous situations, and requires minimal direction and receives guidance where needed. Follows established guidelines/procedures. Required Qualifications o Master's Degree in Epidemiology, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Engineering, Actuarial Science, or related fields o Excited at the prospect of working with extremely large datasets that cover millions of members over multiple years o Determined to use data to have a big impact on healthcare delivery in the United States o Possess strong quantitative skills and a high level of comfort working with data o Strong understanding of methods to reduce study bias (randomization, matching, propensity scoring, etc.) o Strong understanding of techniques such as linear and non-linear regression, survival analysis, longitudinal analysis, etc. o Strong understanding of epidemiologic concepts such as confounding and interaction o 2+ years of experience with data extraction and analysis o Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills, especially around data acquisition and delivery o Team player with strong interpersonal relationship, team building, collaboration and facilitation skills o Excellent MS Office skills including Excel and PowerPoint Strong organizational and time management skills Strong communication skills to present analytical methods and findings to both business executives and technical audiences Preferred Qualifications o 2+ years’ experience with statistical analytic software packages such as SAS o Experience in working with large databases and healthcare data o Strong understanding of the U.S. healthcare system including Medicare Advantage, care delivery, healthcare financing, and risk adjustment Scheduled Weekly Hours 40
AVA Data Scientist: The successful candidate will research, design, implement and validate cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data; will produce new analytic solutions that will become part of NPO (Network Planning and Optimization) core deliverables and will advocate and evangelize them. The candidate will work with cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights across a variety of use cases and optimization services. Will propose analytics strategies and solutions that challenge and expand the thinking of everyone around. As our data scientist, the candidate will provide expertise on mathematical and statistical concepts for the broader team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the organization. The candidate will be working with Nokia AVA cognitive services platform. Nokia AVA is a cloud-based platform that combines big data storage, intelligent analytics and extreme automation, allowing Telecom operators to move away from traditional reactive network operations to a cognitive approach that predicts faults and solves them rapidly. As well as delivering today's expert services, AVA will facilitate a more efficient and faster delivery of Nokia services across the entire network lifecycle. As part of the job, our data scientist will also: Lead the functional and technical analysis of customer needs regarding analytics Contribute to the design of the customer solution Perform audit of the data quality, document the data extraction and transformation needs Make the data cleaning and wrapping, collaborate to integrate targeted data in the data lake Propose, test and select the best machine learning algorithms using different data scientists' tools and statistical methodologies to discover, describe and predict Build high quality prediction systems to be integrated with our services Select, build and optimize machine learning techniques Provide workflows, source code and document notebooks for the industrialization Do ad-hoc analysis and presents results in a clear manner Actively shares and distributes information within the team Think both analytically and creatively about the most effective ways to use data to answer questions Present and interpret analytics findings and participate actively in discussions of results, internally and externally to Business Line Be capable to effectively interact with data analysts, data managers, domain experts and development engineers in use case implementation as well as interact with Markets and customers to articulate analytics strategies and solutions. Deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, recommendations and optimization algorithms. Experience in delivering world-class data science outcomes, solving complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches with unique blend of analytical, mathematical and technical skills. Passion about asking and answering questions in large datasets, and ability to communicate that passion to product managers and engineers. Very good applied statistics and mathematics skills Data oriented personality Comfortable in working in international teams, virtual and cross-functional Certifying MOOCS (Coursera, Stanford, etc...) can be a complement Solid knowledge in statistics: descriptive analysis (Student's test, Fisher test, ANOVA, Chi2, etc…), supervised and unsupervised analysis (regressions, CAH, PCAn, K-Means, decision trees, etc...) Machine Learning: linear and logistic regressions, discriminant analysis, bagging, boosting, random forests, gradient boosting, neural networks, text mining and topics extraction, etc. Deep Knowledge and experience with common data science toolkits and scripting languages: R , Python (sklearn, panda, numpy,..) or Spark (Mlib) data science libraries Experience with common data science toolkits and scripting languages Ability to investigate issues and come up with resolutions for large data sets a must Ability to work independently and be a self-starter Excellent organizational and communication skills Fluent in English (written and verbal). Nice to have: Agile best practices experienced Cloud basic concepts understanding Education: Bachelor’s degree minimum, Master considered in priority – Mathematics, Statistic, Machine Learning, Data Science, Computer Science, Physics 5+ years of experience applying statistical concepts and methods, including predictive techniques from data source.
Data Scientist: What does it mean to be a BrinkerHead? We play like a team, take pride in our culture and seek every opportunity to make people feel special. Life is short. Work happy. At Brinker, we connect, serve and give to create the best life for our Team Members, Guests and community. Through our cultural beliefs, Brinker empowers its Team Members to positively impact our 4 Key Results: Engaging Team Members, Bringing Back Guests, Growing Sales and Increasing Profits. Job Summary The Data Scientist will be responsible for providing advanced analytics, developing predictive models and Machine Learning/AI solutions for Brinker CRM/Loyalty, Digital Marketing, and other data-intensive areas, such as Talent analytics, Financial forecasting, Operational analytics, etc. Your Key Job Functions Analyze Loyalty program performance; design and measure tests; develop advanced segmentation; conceptualize and design the algorithms for individualization of the offers and content with the goal of optimizing revenue. Estimate the impact and ROI of different marketing initiatives in the Digital and Traditional media; provide thought leadership for the advertising agency and the marketing team in terms of designing media tests and measuring their results; Provide actionable, comprehensive, data-driven answers to business questions using the variety of the available data sources (transactions/sales, media consumption, social data, guest satisfaction, operational data etc.). Visualize the data and communicate the insights and results to the leadership. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate and bring to life the Brinker cultural beliefs to drive our 4 key results: Feedback’s Priceless - I see more through your feedback. Own it - I own, drive and achieve key results. Win Together - I work across boundaries to achieve key results. Trust Matters - I act in a manner that cultivates trust in others. Thinking Forward - I think and act in a manner to deliver desired future results. What You Bring to the Team Bachelor or Master’s (preferred) degree in Computer Science, Math or Scientific Computing, Data Science/Analytics, Business Intelligence, Economics, Social Sciences. 6+ years of relevant experience in Data Analytics. Extensive hands-on experience with development of predictive models and machine learning/AI-based solutions. Experience in one or more of the following areas: Digital Marketing, CRM analytics, Market research, financial analysis, IT-Business Intelligence. Exceptional ability to understand, analyze and solve business problems. Ability to extract, process, and analyze large volumes of diverse structured and unstructured data to produce meaningful insights that can be linked to business results. Ability to concisely summarize the findings of a complex analysis in a way that can be intuitively understood by non-specialist. Ability to effectively visualize data highlighting important insights and conveying the story by using charts and tables. Ability to thrive in dynamic fast paced environment. Superb multitasking skills: ability to effectively work on multiple projects and ad-hoc analytical requests with tight deadlines. Must be a self-starter, able to work independently and take initiative to find solutions for business requirements. Highly collaborative work style; must work well with people. Flawless execution, attention to details. Ability to maintain confidentiality on proprietary business information. Hospitality/Retail experience is a strong plus. Strong SQL skills. Experience in developing machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms using Python, R, C++, and Java. Experience in working with distributed computing i.e. Hive SQL, Pig, Java Map/Reduce, and Apache Spark. Strong knowledge of statistics. Advanced proficiency in data visualization (Tableau). Be a United States citizen, permanent resident or have a valid Visa with work authorization. Limited travel. Why Brinker Competitive salary. Every team member working at the Restaurant Support Center (aka Brinker headquarters) eligible for annual bonus potential. Generous dining discounts at Brinker owned brands. A choice of healthcare plans, 401(k) Savings Plan with company match and generous holidays. Onsite gym plus opportunities to increase your wellbeing with onsite Yoga and boot camp programs. Work/Life/Fun balance in a casual and collaborative work environment. Team members enjoy company-wide events and celebrations. Regular volunteer opportunities with our community give back programs.
Associate Director, Data Scientist (Information Architecture): POSITION STORY: This is a full-time [24]7 position as a Data Scientist, specializing in Information Architecture. You will be responsible for: Architecting Big Data customer journey models comprised of billions of rows of data, dozens of data feeds, and millions of customers, using our patent pending [24]7 CJA (Customer Journey Analytics) software. Working with clients to understand their strategic, business, and analytics goals around customer journeys, and using this understanding to drive data gathering, model creation, and analytics. (Examples of client customer journey goals can range from “reducing complaints during the on-boarding process of mortgage customers” to “increasing overall customer satisfaction net promoter scores” to “reducing call centre spending by $50 million/year”.) Leading data modellers, engineers, and analysts develop, deploy, test, and maintain customer journey models and the supporting ETL for both cloud and client on-prem deployments. Supporting analytics teams with insight and advice on how best to achieve superior business outcomes for clients. You will work on client-focused teams with ETL Engineers, Data Modelers, Data Analysts, Customer Journey Consultants, and Installation Engineers, supporting multiple client engagements, engagements that are focused on combining powerful, software-generated ‘Big Data’ insights with traditional, hands-on process improvement techniques to generate root cause understanding and actionable recommendations to challenging customer experience issues. Our clients are the biggest telecommunications, banking, insurance, retail, and utility companies worldwide, who use our Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) software to get unprecedented insights into their customer journeys allowing them to drive people, process, and system improvements worth millions of dollars. Join a well-established, Silicon Valley-backed (Sequoia Capital) company that is on the cutting edge of using AI to deliver a superior customer experience. You’ll fit in well at [24]7 if you thrive on owning problems, working collaboratively with global teams and innovating to solve complex issues as needed to get results. Even more, you ‘get’ what we do: innovating AI based technology to help companies acquire customers and manage relationships that drive new levels of customer satisfaction and profitability. Learn more at www.247.ai. TO BE SUCCESSFUL, YOU WILL: Work with client business, data, and IT stakeholders to understand their strategic business goals, analytics goals, current and future business targets, pain points and opportunities. Conduct full life cycle analysis of data sets in consultation with senior colleagues and client stakeholders, including implementing data acquisition, cleansing, transformation and upload activities. Work with clients and colleagues to identify categories and sources of customer data that will help engagement achieve their targets (i.e. business outcomes). Lead a team of ETL modelers who will code data ingestion/transformation scripts: Develop the high level designs for client customer journey models (typically consisting of IVR, call center, web, email, chat, mobile app, ATM, CRM, NPS, retail, order, provisioning, fulfillment, and/or field service data). Develop the instructions (data modeling guides) to be used by ETL modelers. Manage the ETL modeling team, to include planning, development, and testing, insuring the quality of final client models. Lead data management, quality, and enrichment activities for client deployments: Perform quality checks to ensure consistency, integrity and quality of data. Proactively identify potential issues with data quality, collection or reporting. Assist team members to develop solutions to pragmatic data issues such as source access, format processing, quality management, record deduplication, formatting, masking and security. Perform impactful data enrichment, based on understanding of the client, the industry, and types of data that are typically available. Support our delivery teams, often remotely, in managing client data. Work with project leadership to assist multiple client-focused teams to achieve successful engagements and outstanding planned outcomes for clients. Support business development by participating in pre-sales opportunities for new customers and relationship building/opportunity identification with existing clients. As a subject matter expert and as an evangelist, help sales people communicate the value and capabilities of Big Data customer journey analytics and [24]7 CJA software. Be willing to travel 5% to 25% of the time (depending on client needs). TO BE SUCCESSFUL YOU HAVE: 10+ years’ experience in data-related roles/domains/tools/industries, preferably with: Big Data experience. Experience working with customer touchpoint/customer experience datasets: IVR, call center, web, NPS, chat, mobile app, ATM, CRM, email, retail, field service data, etc., to include structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. Large B2C industry experience: telecommunications, financial services, airlines & travel, utilities, retail, to include experience with their IT environments/ infrastructure/data sets. 3+ years of hands-on information architect/data scientist experience. 3+ years of experience leading teams/staff of data professionals. Deep interest and/or experience in data analytics: root cause, diagnostic, predictive, statistical, temporal event sequences. Specific experience with customer/customer experience analytics a strong plus. Lean, six sigma, business transformation and digital transformation experience all desirable (though not required). Solid business acumen, comfort working with clients, excellent professional people/client/team/communication skills. An existing ability to perform data analytics with multiple tools, especially understanding and using complex queries written in SQL. Ability to learn new software to a good level of fluency, so that you can work with CJA software and work with clients directly. Comfort and flexibility in dealing with ambiguity, working with imperfect data, changing business requirements, and new team members. A strong work ethic, high level of initiative, excellent attention to detail. ABOUT [24]7: [24]7 is redefining the way companies interact with consumers. Using artificial intelligence and machine learning to understand consumer intent, [24]7’s technology helps companies create a personalized, predictive and effortless customer experience across all channels. The world’s largest and most recognizable brands are using intent-driven engagement from [24]7 to assist several hundred million visitors annually, through more than 1.5 billion conversations, most of which are automated. The result is an order of magnitude improvement in digital adoption, customer satisfaction, and revenue growth.
 Cybersecurity Data Scientist: Discover Trend … Since 1988, Trend Micro has been an internet security pioneer tackling an expanding threat landscape. When you join Trend, you join a unique global family with more than 25 years of history, marked by an entrepreneurial spirit and vision that has assured our products are always on the cutting edge in a very competitive field. Here in Ottawa, the company has a growing office, a great culture and a willingness to give back to our community. Your role: At Trend we are continuing to integrate multiple data sources into searchable repositories to help combat cybersecurity threats at all levels. Your job at Trend will be focused on building advanced and innovative detection mechanisms for attacker techniques tactics and procedures (TTPs) using a variety of data science techniques such as data pipelining, data cleaning, machine learning, model validation & tuning, and database optimization. We are looking for a motivated Cybersecurity Data Scientist to help us develop and deploy solutions at cloud scale as part of Trend’s next generation security portfolio. As a Cybersecurity Data Scientist, you will … Conduct Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), including acquiring, engineering, and exploring various data types and log sources for detection opportunities (50%-60% of role) Develop rule-based (non-ML) detection algorithms in Python Determine appropriate places to implement rule-based, simple anomaly detection, or ML Work with the Detections Engineering Team to transform attacker TTPs into viable, low false-positive behavioral and signature detections using a variety of techniques including supervised, semi-supervised, and unsupervised machine learning; emphasis on sequential classification and pattern-matching Strong emphasis on feature engineering using knowledge of security log data Time Series Unsupervised ML Set up testing environments and conduct EDA, data cleaning, and testing Optimize Python code for cloud execution Contribute to data pipeline functions including data cleaning, ML pre-processing, dimensionality reduction, database optimization (Graph, KV, Document, etc.), building connectors, and search Work with the Development teams to design and support our security products and platforms Leadership Responsibilities: Develop the procedures, personnel, and data requirements for a MSSP-based threat intelligence team Develop the procedures, personnel, and data requirements for a MSSP-based threat hunting team As a Cybersecurity Data Scientist, you have … 3+ years of experience in the cybersecurity industry preferred Strong knowledge of Incident Response Undergraduate or Graduate degree in Data Science, Analytics, Computer Science with Data Science concentration, Statistics, or a related science Strong EDA skills Strong interpersonal skills; demonstrated ability to learn quickly Experience with applied data science techniques such as data cleaning, data pipelining, machine learning, and model validation Strong experience in Python, R, or Julia in a Linux environment Some experience with NoSQL databases and data engineering Strong written and verbal communication skills in English Skills that would set you apart from other applicants … Experience in cybersecurity applications development or with cybersecurity in general Knowledge of IT and security logs, threat intelligence, or machine telemetry Familiarity with Docker, Kubernetes, and Cloud PaaS (AWS, Google Cloud Platform, etc.) Experience with Elasticsearch, ArangoDB, Redis, or similar Strong self-motivation, passion for problem solving with data, and ability to work independently Experience with multinomial classification, anomaly detection, deep learning, pattern-matching, or sequential classification Experience in Agile Development Strong Statistics background
 Staff Data Scientist - Tech: Position Description Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects Ensures business needs are being met Leads system design process and solution development Maintains and advances industry expertise Mentors information technology Associates Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity Provides direction and coordination between large projects and the technical execution plan Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates Minimum Qualifications Bachelor s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field and 6 years experience in information technology or related field within the last 10 years OR 8 years experience in information technology or related field within the last 10 years. Additional Preferred Qualifications 1 year experience designing technical solutions using object-oriented design concepts. 1 year experience integrating new technologies into existing technology portfolio. 2 years experience leading cross-functional teams. 3 years experience creating and presenting technical strategies and technical solution recommendations. 3 years experience designing and implementing technical solutions. Company Summary What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Today, nearly 260 million customers visit our more than 11,500 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce sites in 11 countries each week. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs 2.3 million associates worldwide – 1.5 million in the U.S. alone. It’s all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
 Data Scientist: Qualification: Master’s in Computer Science, Statistics, Management or related technical fields Experience: 8-15 years of experience Technology: Big Data Role/Skills: The Data Scientist will be responsible for modelling and analysis of big data for mining of useful patterns used for business and other purposes. He should be able to take data, to be able to understand it, visualize it, process it, extract value from it and communicate it. He will have a customer facing role with possible involvement in presales activities Experience in analyzing massive and complex structured and unstructured data sets. Ability to extract, and clean data, visualize it, communicate it and utilize it. 8+years’ relevant experience with data mining/business intelligence/statistics/data analysis. Practical experience with building Analytical/statistical/mathematical algorithms such as predictive modeling, Optimization, Simulation, Segmentation analysis, multiple regression and Market Mix Modeling. Strong ability and experience in crisp and powerful data visualizations methods and tools. Excellent analytical, logical reasoning and problem solving skills. Responsibilities: Derive insights out of ambiguity - understand, process and interpret complex data. Analyze complex business data and identify patterns in the data using algorithms from statistics and machine learning. Develop and improve algorithms and methodologies to handle, browse, process and visualize structured and unstructured data. Create powerful data visualizations for business stakeholders. Communicate quantitative analysis in a clear, precise and actionable business-friendly language. Explore and develop relevant business use cases with clear objectives and realization approaches. Researching and implementing new algorithms data analysis. Build knowledge and share via white papers, webinars, case studies and other marketing communications. Personal Attributes: Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Management or related technical fields. Master’s required. PhD preferred. Exposure in few of R/SAS/MATLAB/Octave/Mahout/Excel/ with proficiency in one. Proficiency in R a big plus. Knowledge of Hadoop (and other big data technologies), SQL and Java/C/C++ is desirable.
 Contributor Data Scientist: Req ID: 36680 Job Family: Information Technology/Software Development Sabre is the global leader in innovative technology that leads the travel industry. We are always looking for bright and driven people who have a penchant for technology and want to hone their skills. If you are interested in challenging work, being part of a global team, and solving complex problems through technology, business intelligence and analytics, and Agile practices - then Sabre is right for you! It is our people who develop and deliver powerful solutions that meet the current and future needs for our airline, hotel, and travel agency customers. Job Description The Sabre Research, Data and Decision Sciences Group is inventing the next- generation of travel industry technology, including new offer management technology (travel agent shopping), retailing for air and hotel. We are seeking to add new machine learning techniques to systems that also use modern statistical approaches and operations research optimization. We are looking for a data scientist and developer with knowledge of deep learning, rule learning, tree-based models, and other techniques covering both supervised and unsupervised learning. We are looking for someone with a working knowledge of Python (Java a plus), along with SQL and Hadoop-related languages. Sabre has one of the largest stores of travel shopping data; in addition to the shopping requests from customers, we also keep all of the possible air itineraries returned in response to the request. Part of the job is to use such data to uncover new ways to improve conversion rates (probability of purchase after a shopping request) and also to decrease costs with effective use of shopping cache (returning itineraries without generating another live shopping request). Responsibilities Develop machine learning solutions using state-of-the-art methods Use predictive modeling to create new approaches to travel agency (especially online travel agent) shopping and display of possible travel itineraries Job Requirements Skills and Qualifications Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms Excellent programming skills with R or Python Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL and Hive Good applied statistics skills Education: Ph.D or M.S. in Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, Data Science, etc. LI-LT1 Reasonable Accommodation Sabre is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. Applicants applying for a Sabre position with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact Sabre's Employee Relations Department at employee.relations@sabre.com Affirmative Action Sabre is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals. EEO IS THE LAW Stay connected with Sabre Careers
Data Scientist: Picture yourself adding your creativity toward game-changing innovation. Our businesses operate at the intersection of tax preparation and financial planning, and our competitive advantage lies in their unique combination. With award-winning products and services through our TaxAct and HD Vest brands, Blucora is on the forefront of financial tech, turning taxes into opportunity for our consumers, small business customers and tax professionals. We have a culture of creating market disruption; a place where big ideas, and those who think them, can flourish. If you’re interested in being part of a team that dreams large, talks straight, and helps millions of customers every year build their financial future, then we should talk! The Data Scientist works with the Analytics Team and serves various departments, including marketing, product development, partner management, and finance. We provide data, analysis, predictive modeling, and recommendations for key business initiatives. Major projects include optimizing SEM campaigns, interpreting A/B tests of our various products, and designing spam detection algorithms. The ideal candidate will be someone who can work with a variety of data sources to access and pull data, analyze and report on key findings & questions, and recommend and drive new avenues for research and testing. We are looking for someone with the creativity and business sense to help us find real opportunities and ask ever more demanding questions of our data. Major responsibilities of the position are listed below. To perform the job successfully, the individual must be able to execute each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Collaborate with product development, engineering and marketing to identify opportunities where predictive modeling can add value. Develop working prototypes of said models, prove they add meaningful value, and ensure they are implemented properly in a production environment. Assembling and cleansing of data for modeling purposes. Write and interpret complex SQL queries. Analysis of incidents, data corruption, and ad hoc questions. Design and communicate process improvement to our suppliers of data, including our internal Data Warehouse team. Summarize and report key analytical findings and recommendations in both oral and written form to various technical and non-technical teams Education and Experience: A passion for innovating with data science at scale – applying modern algorithms to massive datasets and creating business value. Masters or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, physics, engineering) Minimum of 4 years hands-on experience in analysis and modeling of large complex datasets Fluency in SQL and experience with Big Data Experience with a MPP database (i.e. Netezza, Hadoop, etc…) Knowledge of data warehouse architectures and data models Strong Excel and data visualization skills Ability not just to retrieve and present data, but to draw conclusions and make recommendations Hands-on experience with optimization, data mining or machine learning Experience programming in a least one compiled programming language Experience working for a technology or internet company Web Analytics or SEM experience. We offer a competitive salary, outstanding benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision. Life insurance, paid vacation and sick days, paid holidays, tuition reimbursement, and 401(k) with company match. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, or disability.
Senior Data Scientist: Description The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Senior Data Scientist work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Responsibilities The Senior Data Scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Begins to influence department’s strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments. Required Qualifications Master’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Statistics, or Mathematics or other related field 4+ years’ experience completing data mining, manipulation, cleaning and technical analysis Experience leading large projects, processes or people Experience using technical and analytical tools to manipulate data using Python, PySpark etc. Knowledge of working in big data environments Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills, especially around data acquisition and delivery Team player with strong interpersonal relationship, team building, collaboration and facilitation skills Strong verbal and written communication with a proactive approach to sharing information and solving problems Ability to work independently and efficiently to manage multiple competing projects and initiatives Preferred Qualifications Exposure to large-scale clinical or healthcare data Desire to learn complex predictive modeling, analytics consultation, and/or in depth clinical or outcomes based analytics Experience with statistical methods such as linear and non-linear regression, survival analysis, longitudinal analysis, propensity score match, cluster analyses, etc. Understanding of epidemiologic concepts such as confounding and interaction Demonstration of visualization techniques and experience utilizing visualization tools (such as Tableau/Qlik) Additional Information Scheduled Weekly Hours 40
 Principal-Data Scientist: As a data scientist in the Chief Data Office (CDO) group, you’ll use your talent for breaking down business challenges into data-driven problems that guide improvements in customer satisfaction and generate millions in savings and potentially revenue. Your solutions could influence everything from fleet optimization and energy efficiency to content analytics and marketing – often before the problem even happens. Add the ongoing skill development and collaboration with some of the brightest minds in the field, and you will be poised to make an impact. You will utilize the latest machine learning and statistical algorithms to create predictive and prescriptive models by detecting and exploiting patterns in massive datasets. You will also create data visualizations and give presentations that will help key stakeholders in their decision making process. Ready to combine your skills and experience with our innovative technology solutions? We are looking for candidates who love learning new things, like playing with data and want to get things done. We need people that feel comfortable across the entire spectrum of data science, from meeting with business partners and brainstorming on the whiteboard, all the way to implementing and testing their models. Preferred Masters of Science in Computer Science, Math or Scientific Computing; Data Analytics, Machine Learning or Business Analyst nanodegree; or equivalent experience. Experience: Typically requires 10 or more years experience or PhD in an approved field with a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience This position requires Daily Office Presence in Plano, TX. No relocation assistance is provided.
 Data Scientist Business Intelligence Developer: Primary Location: United States,Texas,Irving Education: Bachelor's Degree Job Function: Technology Schedule: Full-time Shift: Day Job Employee Status: Regular Travel Time: No Job ID: 18052337 Description The Telemetry DevOps Analytics – Data Scientist and Platform Developer will develop and manage a comprehensive Telemetry portal, providing capabilities and services for GCB to help drive a culture of learning and continuous improvement using actionable metrics. This person will be part of a team designing and developing a custom built telemetry portal, leveraging Java Microservices, Splunk, Angular, Hadoop technologies. The portal will provide GCB Technology with real-time insights into their technology practices, including the CI/CD pipeline, environment health and uptime, Project health, Application Performance and Infra performance. Able to define the correct data, analyze and interpret data leveraging complex data models and noisy data sources. Proven technical ability with a variety of reporting analytics and data visualization tools such as Qlikview, Tableau, BI Cognos, SQL, Python and R. Knowledge and understanding of statistical techniques suitable for analysis of complex data sets. Proven experience in predictive analytics & metrics formulation. Familiarity with the design and implementation of data telemetry systems The ideal person will be a multi-talented data scientist developer who would believe in, everything that can be done in technology space must be measured, can be measured and should be measured. . Key Responsibilities: Design and Develop the comprehensive Business Intelligence - Telemetry Portal. Collaborate with Product Architecture, Product Owner and key stakeholders to devise and develop cutting-edge solutions. Be an active member of the Product Development scrum team. Provide support for the Telemetry Portal, including new requirements, enhancements or fixes. Partner with other scrum team members, including Bas, Scrum Masters and testers in support of the common goal. Development Value: The job offers the opportunity for the candidate to advance in a technology development role, with exposure to multiple cutting edge technologies, including Java development, Angular UI development, Big Data (Splunk / Hadoop) and eventually machine learning / AI. The position will provide a wide exposure to customers and requirements across Global Consumer Technology. Qualifications Essential Skills: Proven technical ability with a range of BI and development tools & languages. One or more of these skills are needed: o Splunk o Java Microservices development (SpringCloud) o UI / Angular / HTML o Hadoop o Machine Learning / AI Capable of guiding and inspiring team members, peers and stakeholders to drive the best possible practices Broad knowledge of SDLC, CI/CD and ALM tools (incl. JIRA, HP ALM, Jenkins, ServiceNow). Preferred Skills Ability to think out-of-the-box and give pleasant surprises to end users over the data telemetry served Proven technical ability with a variety of reporting analytics and data visualization tools such as Qlikview, Tableau, BI Cognos, SQL, Python and R is a plus. Knowledge and understanding of statistical techniques suitable for analysis of complex data sets is a plus Familiarity with the design and implementation of data telemetry systems and metrics formulation is a plus Knowledge/Experience: BS Degree in engineering, science, mathematics, information systems or computer science; or the equivalent in experience and evidence of exceptional ability. 8 or more years’ experience in enterprise level IT projects. Experience with application / product development, incl. on-time and in-budget delivery. Experience with BI / Big-data solutions (Splunk / Hadoop) is a plus Experience with Microservice development in SpringCloud is a plus Experience with Angular development is a plus. Experience in and understanding of a wide variety of telemetric processes (governance, measurement, etc.) Experience in leading metrics and KPI automation Experience working within an agile software development environment Experience in designing, deploying and maintaining telemetry infrastructure on private and/or public clouds is a plus. Bachelor degree in computer science or other related or equivalent work experience. Competencies Excellent thought leadership in telemetry and IT development. Strong customer and quality-focus is a must. Sound problem resolution, judgment, decision-making and influencing skills required. Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills Ability to deal with conflicting ideas with emotional intelligence Excellent English communication skills both written and oral. Hard working and self-motivated. Able to work effectively under pressure. Ability to manage multiple activities and changing priorities. This position is located in Irving TX and Jacksonville Florida. We have set aside limited financial assistance relocation will be provided for out-of-state candidates.
 Associate Director, Data Scientist (Information Architecture): POSITION STORY: This is a full-time [24]7 position as a Data Scientist, specializing in Information Architecture. You will be responsible for: Architecting Big Data customer journey models comprised of billions of rows of data, dozens of data feeds, and millions of customers, using our patent pending [24]7 CJA (Customer Journey Analytics) software. Working with clients to understand their strategic, business, and analytics goals around customer journeys, and using this understanding to drive data gathering, model creation, and analytics. _(Examples of client customer journey goals can range from “reducing complaints during the on-boarding process of mortgage customers” to “increasing overall customer satisfaction net promoter scores” to “reducing call centre spending by $50 million/year”.)_ Leading data modellers, engineers, and analysts develop, deploy, test, and maintain customer journey models and the supporting ETL for both cloud and client on-prem deployments. Supporting analytics teams with insight and advice on how best to achieve superior business outcomes for clients. You will work on client-focused teams with ETL Engineers, Data Modelers, Data Analysts, Customer Journey Consultants, and Installation Engineers, supporting multiple client engagements, engagements that are focused on combining powerful, software-generated ‘Big Data’ insights with traditional, hands-on process improvement techniques to generate root cause understanding and actionable recommendations to challenging customer experience issues. Our clients are the biggest telecommunications, banking, insurance, retail, and utility companies worldwide, who use our Customer Journey Analytics (CJA) software to get unprecedented insights into their customer journeys allowing them to drive people, process, and system improvements worth millions of dollars.
Data Scientist: Overview Our Advanced Analytics Group is a team of experts in data science, engineering, marketing science, operations research and primary research. You will work alongside Bain’s consulting teams to provide high quality results for our clients, some of the most successful and pioneering businesses in the world. You will also work to advance AAG’s and Bain’s analytic capabilities and provide training to the consulting staff as needed. Responsibilities Provide data science services to Bain case teams and clients worldwide. You will work with case teams to assess client demands and suggest data science methods that provide practical, value-added answers to the client and case teams. Develop solutions that bring critical insights to wide scale of different problems such as targeting customers and segmenting markets, product design, marketing optimization, demand forecasting and brand valuation, profit and price analyses, and fraud detection. Develop, prototype and test machine learning algorithms on data sets that can range from a few data points to billions. Apply machine learning and statistical techniques including regression models, decision trees, random forests, gradient boosting, support vector machines, clustering and topic models. Prepare various sources of data using data wrangling methods in Python and SQL, leveraging infrastructure including Cloud computing solutions and relational database enviroments Keep abreast of new and current statistical methodologies, machine learning and data wrangling techniques. Where appropriate, train other team members to support the use of data analytics tools and to expand the use of machine learning within Bain Combine domain expertise to perform feature engineering Qualifications 5+ years of experience with data science and statistical analysis in a business, marketing science or social science environment A Masters’ Degree or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Mathematics, Econometrics, Statistics, Physics or related field is desired Strong background in Statistics and Mathematics Proficiency in SQL is required, and familiarity with NoSQL data stores is a plus Proficiency with data wrangling, visualization, and machine learning in Python is required Experience with other analytical software such as R, SAS or SPSS is a plus Experience with explaining and applying a variety of data science and machine learning techniques Examples of domain expertise in which we are interested is: predictive modeling, churn analysis, time series forecasting, computer vision, text mining/natural language processing, recommender systems, market basket analysis, segmentation, and graph analytics Experience with dashboarding and visualization tools such as Tableau, Qlik, Plotly, etc. Experience with deep learning tools such as Keras, PyTorch, TensorFlow or Theano is a plus. Experience with distributed computing frameworks such as Hadoop and Spark is a plus Experience with Git and modern software development workflow is a plus Experience with building data science solutions in cloud computing environments is a plus Strong interpersonal and communication skills are a must. Ability to explain and discuss mathematical and machine learning technicalities to a business audience. Must thrive in a fast paced environment and be able to work independently Travel required Ind123
 Senior Data Scientist: COMPANY OVERVIEW For over a century, Neiman Marcus Group has served the unique needs of our discerning customers by staying true to the principles of our founders: to be the premier omni-channel retailer of luxury and fashion merchandise dedicated to providing superior service and a distinctive shopping experience in our stores and on our websites. Neiman Marcus Group is comprised of the Specialty Retail Stores division, which includes Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman, and our international brand, mytheresa.com. Our portfolio of brands offers the finest luxury and fashion apparel, accessories, jewelry, beauty, and home décor. The Company operates more than 40 Neiman Marcus full-line stores in the most affluent markets across the United States, including U.S. gateway cities that draw an international clientele. In addition, we operate 2 Bergdorf Goodman stores in landmark locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City. We also operate more than 40 Last Call by Neiman Marcus off-price stores that cater to a value oriented, yet fashion minded customer. Our upscale eCommerce and direct-to-consumer division includes NeimanMarcus.com, BergdorfGoodman.com Horchow.com, LastCall.com, and CUSP.com. Every day each of our 15,000 NMG associates work towards the goal of enabling our customers to shop any of our brands "anytime, anywhere, and on any device." Whether the merchandise we sell, the customer service we offer, or our investments in technology, everything we do is to enhance the customer experience across all channels and brands. Qualifications Job Summary Neiman Marcus Group has an immediate opening for a Senior Data Scientist reporting to a Director of Advanced Analytics. This position performs data science functions in providing insights into customer behavior to enable decision making relating to promotions, events and marketing programs for all brands both in stores and online. Job Duties Lead data science projects independently while collaborating with team members and multi-organizational stakeholders. Perform hands-on advanced analysis in marketing science and business analytics on big data to promote growth and business development Leverage state-of-the-art data processing tools and/or analytical methodologies to drive improved decisions Support the team in development and/or implement various types of predictive models, natural language processing, segmentation strategies, optimization algorithms, and data mining analyses with a targeted result of increasing revenue Job Requirements Experience in processing and performing multi-faceted analysis with customer/consumer behavior data Experience in developing or enhancing models applying machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms, statistical analysis, and natural language processing Strong coding skills in SQL; and Python, R, Julia, or Scala. Experience in working with distributed computing i.e. Hive, Apache Spark Experience in working with Unix/Linux environment Knowledge of descriptive analytics and data visualization Exceptional standards for quality and strong attention to detail Experience with full lifecycle agile application development in supporting analytic requirement Ability to manage multiple projects and on-demand business requests simultaneously CASS Primary Location : United States of America-Texas-DALLAS-Dallas-1700 PACIFIC Work Locations : 1700 PACIFIC Neiman Marcus 1700 PACIFIC Dallas 75201 Job : Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations Organization : Corporate Schedule : Full-time Shift : Day Employee Status : Regular Job Type : Standard Job Level : Individual Contributor Travel : No Job Posting : Apr 13, 2018, 4:29:14 PM
Governance & Compliance Associate Principal Scientist: Auto req ID: 154768BR Job Description This is a critical role within Governance & Compliance North America team overseeing the Variance & Concession program to support NAB, Tropicana, NAF, NAN and Quaker. This is a unique role given that cross category product knowledge is required to assess appropriate risk mitigation of proposed variance through collaboration with Supply Chain, Product Development, Food Safety, Global Procurement, MOS (Manufacturing Operations Support) and QC. Key Responsibilities: Provide leadership to NA variance program through technical and business risk assessment/perspectives Track, trend ingredient outages within the variance program and provide data insight to facilitate necessary changes/updates Define corrective action follow up process for variances Support the migration of data to Lighthouse portal Design/define additional risk based approach programs to support the business units Participate as an active member of cross-functional business development teams to provide data insights to ensure business continuity Applies knowledge of processes, equipment and systems capability to ensure risk based approach is applied to all programs Qualifications/Requirements Education/Certifications: Undergraduate Degree required, Master’s Degree Preferred Work Experience: Minimum 3+years’ experience with exposures to QA, QC, supply chain, food safety Exposure to Audits/Auditing Experience within CPG industry preferred Skills/Capabilities: Team player; ability to work well with changing priorities; demonstrated flexibility Demonstrated ability to translate business objectives into strategic and tactical project goals Ability to effectively work and collaborate on cross-functional teams Excellent multi-tasking, project management, and prioritization skills High level of attention to detail with strong data interpretation ability Production and Processing — Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods. Excellent verbal and written communication skills for interacting with various levels of the organization Ability to build relationships, manage conflict and embrace change Relocation Eligible: Not Eligible for Relocation Job Type: Regular All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy Please view our Pay Transparency Statement
 Sr Data Scientist: Overview Develop machine learning (ML) workflows to inform CRM and Loyalty programs. Support diverse data science initiatives and standardize tools and framework required to build scalable models Responsibilities Design and development of machine learning models Work with DevOps to build automated data pipelines Work closely with data engineersto ensure the source data is aggregated and cleansed Work with product managers to understand the business objectives Build scalable learning machine models Work with cloud and data architects to define robust architecture in cloud Work with DevOps to build automated data pipelines Qualifications Education: In Math/Statistics/any other science field (Masters or higher preferred) Experience: 5, DataScience; Software Engineering Statistics and Math Data Science Software Engineering Public Cloud 5+ years of experience in building statistical models 3+ years of experience in Cloud Environment - AWS, Azure, Google Cloud 1+ years of experience in deep learning 5+ years of experience in Python, Scala, SQL, Java 3+ years of experience with Amazon Redshift, DynamoDB, EMR, Apache Spark Retail experience is preferred Internal Posting Dates: 05/9 - 5/19
Principal Data Scientist: What you’ll be doing... This position will drive profitable growth and business innovation by applying cutting edge machine learning techniques and AI technology. It will lead data science projects that drive product personalization, marketing effectiveness, channel optimization, better customer experience, and operational efficiency. You will work closely with a team of talented data scientists, Big Data engineers, and software developers and play a key role in developing and delivering the next generation AI/ML solutions to the business. You’ll create analytical models to predict customer behavior and business events. You’ll then present the results to various business partners such as marketing, finance, and our customer relationship management group. With an eye towards improving performance and predictability, you like the science of analytics. Developing resolutions to complex problems, using your sharp judgment to develop methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria enables you to deliver solutions that make a big impact. You’re able to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences, and you take pride in your ability to share your considerable knowledge with your peers. Lead engagement with key business stakeholders in discussion on business strategies and opportunities. Build strong working relationship and develop deep partnership with the business. Lead large portfolios of data science projects and deliver innovative technical solutions to solve problems and improve business outcomes. Lead the design and development of machine learning/statistical models and ensure best performance. Work closely with engineers to deploy models in production both in real time and in batch process and systematically track model performance. Be a subject matter expert on machine learning and predictive modeling and a mentor to junior data scientists. Drive technical innovation through active research and applications of new theories, techniques, and technologies. What we’re looking for... You are a master at analyzing big data. You thrive in an environment where enormous volumes of data are generated at rapid speed. You’re a creative thinker who likes to explore, and uncover the issues. You are decisive. You are great at influencing up, down, and across groups, and you take satisfaction in mentoring others. Communicating what you’ve uncovered in a way that can be easily understood by others is one of your strengths. You’ll need to have: Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Even better if you have: Master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent. A Ph.D. in Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science. Experience in practicing machine learning and data science in business. Solid foundational quantitative knowledge and skills; extensive training in math; statistics, physical science, engineering, or other related fields. Experience in leading large scale data science projects and delivering from end to end. Deep technical expertise in machine learning and statistical modeling. Strong hands on computing/programming skills; proficiency in Python, R, and Linux shell script. Expertise in data management and data analysis in relational database and in Hadoop. Strong communication and interpersonal influencing skills. Excellent problem solving and critical thinking capabilities. Experience with NLP and chatbot technology. Experience with Spark, C++, scala, or Java; familiarity with SAS. Strong expertise in SQL and database management. When you join Verizon... You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon. Equal Employment Opportunity We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or Veteran status. Different makes us better.
 Principal Data Scientist - Tech - Hadoop: Position Description What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Today, nearly 260 million customers visit our more than 11,500 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce sites in 11 countries each week. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs 2.3 million associates worldwide – 1.5 million in the U.S. alone. It’s all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world. Overview: We are looking for a highly-skilled data expert to help guide Sam’s Club Technology’s data engineering and data governance efforts. This will be a challenging role that will require the ability to manage massive volumes and varieties of data. This role will also need an individual capable of identifying data gaps, addressing these data gaps, augmenting existing data assets, and creating new data assets. Those taking on this challenge will be part of a growing team working in a startup-like environment. The most successful candidates will not only be hands-on, but they will also have the ability to provide technical leadership and mentorship. The results of this challenging role will positively influence efforts in the areas of Merchandising, Marketing, Search, Data Science, etc. Position Description: Directs coordination between large projects and the technical execution plan Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects Ensures business needs are being met Leads system design process and solution development Leads technical strategy implementation efforts Maintains and advances industry expertise Oversees developmental opportunities of associates Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates Minimum Qualifications Bachelor s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field and 7 years experience in information technology or related field within the last 11 years OR 9 years experience in information technology or related field within the last 11 years. Additional Preferred Qualifications Desired / Preferred Qualifications: Core experience in data architecture and data movement Core competency of programming, data structures, and algorithms ETL experience across different platforms Teradata, DB2, SQL, or Oracle experience Big Data – Hadoop experience Cassandra/NoSQL experience Programming (Java/Python) experience Hands-on abilities w/ logical and physical design of data Company Summary What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Today, nearly 260 million customers visit our more than 11,500 stores under 72 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce sites in 11 countries each week. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482.1 billion, Walmart employs 2.3 million associates worldwide – 1.5 million in the U.S. alone. It’s all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
Product Data Management Specialist: Dallas,Texas,United States 6D2FP3 Boeing Special Projects Dallas is seeking a Mid-Level (Data Management) Engineer Support Technician Specialist. The candidate will serve on a Systems Engineering and Integration team. The ideal candidate will have the following responsibilities: Coordination and tracking of Contract Data Management List (CDRL) deliverables; Process delivery of documents through Integrated Data Management System (IDMS); Gather customer input data for Data Management requirements for product hardware, software, and engineering design data systems; Maintain a software products library; Work under general supervision. Job attributes include: Customer interface, coordination across all program organizations, and engagement in program planning; Participate in the development and implementation of Data Management standards, processes, systems and tools; Utilize data gathered from customers to assist in the definition of Configuration and Data Management requirements for support product hardware, software and engineering design data systems. The successful candidate will have experience in Data Management, performed in support of complex military system production including Supplier Data Management; Contract Data Management; Records Information Management. At a minimum, the candidate will have a professional development history demonstrating the capability to handle progressively more responsibility with minimal supervision, abilities to interact successfully with other disciplines, upper management and customer technical and operational personnel. Experience with Windchill, Access, CSDT, and Teamcenter is a plus. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position requires a Current Top Secret, SSBI US Security Clearance or higher, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Security Clearance/Special Program Access or other Government Access Requirements are mandatory for this position. Much of the work at The Boeing Company is of a classified nature and many positions require a security clearance, the granting of which is at the discretion of government authorities. Filling this requisition is contingently based on the applicant's ability to obtain the required access as established by program management. If required access is not granted, in a time frame established by program management this offer will be withdrawn. If you’re final Security Clearance/Special Program Access or other Government Access Requirement is not maintained, the result may be reassignment, reclassification, or termination of employment. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Experience with Contract Data Management and/or Supplier Data Management; Experience tracking documentation and CDRL deliveries; AA degree or higher in a related discipline. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Experience managing/leading Records Information Management (RIM) processes; Experience leading/managing Engineering Change Proposals (ECPs) and Contract Data Requirement List (CDRLs) and/or Supplier Data Requirement List (SDRLs) for complex products; Experience with Teamcenter and Windchill product data managers is desirable; Experience with avionics component development is also desirable. Typical Education/Experience: AA degree in related discipline and typically 3 or more years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience Yes, 10 % of the Time Commercial Derivative Aircraft Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company
Vice President, Data Science - Machine Learning: Overview Wunderman Data Management Wunderman believes in the power of the individual. Around the world, we combine creativity and data to drive results for our clients. We excel in CRM, advertising, loyalty, social media, content and promotions. Together we are 1,300 data gurus, 2,200 creatives and 3,500 business minds, with a global footprint via 170 offices in 60 countries. Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, Citibank, Coca-Cola, Ford, Pfizer, Adidas, United Airlines and leading regional brands are among our clients. Wunderman is part of WPP, LLC. Learn more at www.wunderman.com Do you want to use Analytics to help companies better understand their customers? Companies understand all about their sales by store, region, product, department and season. In today’s environment, this is not enough. An understanding of their customers is essential. At Wunderman, we help companies understand their customer’s shopping patterns – How often do they shop? What channels do they use? What do they buy together? What are their trip drivers? How valuable is a Direct Mail contact compared to an email? How do they use the web and interact with social media? Wunderman puts its expertise to work to answer these important questions for our customers. Wunderman is looking for a smart, Vice President, Data Science that is intimately familiar with turning data into advanced solutions to drive positive client outcomes. The Vice President will lead the Data Sciences practice area and will oversee all Data Science and Machine Learning across the agency, reporting to the North America analytics delivery lead. In this role, you will lead the charge to advance the Machine Learning practice by providing client facing thought leadership and building on our current capabilities in our advanced analytics practice. Responsibilities Own the strategic direction and delivery for the Data Science vertical across the agency while working collaboratively with other functional teams. Act as a subject matter expert within the space of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and applied statistics; designing and overseeing projects involving large scale cookie level analysis, advanced attribution, and more Oversee the Data Science road map based on the business priorities working with all divisions Manage existing team of 10-15 data scientists to help execute on your strategic vision Act as a thought leader in the industry. Contribute to the success of other team members by providing training and leadership in thought generation, analysis, coding, and mentorship Support new business by partnering with our account teams and engagement managers Partner with Data Engineering leadership to design a world-class machine learning infrastructure and production environment Champion a data-driven culture and drive long-term business value creation through development of best-in-class data science capabilities Create new analyses, models, and/or tools that deliver insights that enable the business partners to further their objective Manage a pipeline of projects/products and their on-time delivery Qualifications PhD in Statistics, Data Science, Econometrics, Computer Science, Operations Research, or related quantitative degree is required. Expert command of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, statistical modeling, state-of-the-art tools, and engineering best practices. Minimum of 12 years analytics experience in business environment 6+ years of work experience in the Data Scientist role with Fortune 500 companies or top consulting background. Experience in digital analytics or marketing analytics required Exceptional people manager, mentor, and leader. You will have a minimum of 5 years of experience managing a team of data scientists with high retention rates. Must be collaborative. Proven track record of overseeing multiple data science and machine learning projects at all stages, from idea generation to objectives formulation to implementation and deliverables. Proficiency in both Python and R. Expert knowledge of data mining techniques and tools with SAS, Python, R, etc. is required. Expert proficiency interrogating relational data bases with SQL and with using, managing workload with distributed computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.) Excellent project management skills, with a proven track record of on-time and within-budget delivery. Exceptional ability to manage priorities across multiple stake holders. Must be willing to travel up to 25%
 Advertising & Analytics - Principal Data Scientist (AdCo): The Data Scientist will be responsible for designing and implementing processes and layouts for complex, large- scale data sets used for modeling, data mining, and research purposes. The purpose of this role is to conceptualize, prototype, design, develop and implement large scale big data science solutions in the cloud and on premises, in close collaboration with product development teams, data engineers and cloud enterprise teams. Competencies in implementing common and new machine learning, text mining and other data science driven solutions on cloud based technologies such as AWS are required. The data scientist will be knowledgeable and skilled in the emerging data science trends and must be able to provide technical guidance to the other data scientists in implementing emerging and advanced techniques. The data scientist must also be able to work closely with the product and business teams to conceptualize appropriate data science models and methods that meet the requirements. Key Roles and Responsibilities Uses known and emerging techniques and methods in data science (including statistical, machine learning, deep learning, text and language analytics and visualization) in big data and cloud based technologies to conceptualize, prototype, design, code, test, validate and tune data science centric solutions to address business and product requirements Conceptualizes data science enablers required for supporting future product features based on business and product roadmaps, and guides cross functional teams in prototyping and validating these enablers Mentors and guides other data scientists Uses a wide range of existing and new data science and machine learning tools and methods as required to solve the problem on hand. Skilled in frameworks and libraries using but not limited to R, python, spark, scala, pig, hive, mllib, mxnet, tensorflow, keras, theanos etc. Is aware of industry trends an collaborates with the platform and engineering teams to update the data science development stack for competitive advantage Collaborates with third party data science capability vendors and provides appropriate recommendations to the product development teams Works in a highly agile environment Experience Typically requires 10 or more years experience or PhD in an approved field with a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience. Education Preferred Masters of Science in Computer Science, Math or Scientific Computing; Data Analytics, Machine Learning or Business Analyst nanodegree; or equivalent experience.
Data Analyst / Jr. Data Scientist: _About the Role..._ Logic2020 is looking to secure a Data Analyst for a pilot program with a client of ours. The program involves using true machine learning to improve customer care process, at the enterprise level. You will be part of the team proving the value of machine learning in order to bring artificial intelligence into customer care and ultimately, change the way customers are served. _About You..._ This is ideal for someone who has recently moved into the data science space and understands some of the basics. Someone who is excited to learn more and grow as an individual, within a team of experts. You are personable and highly communicative. You will need to be very hands-on. You have Python or R, however, this is not required. You are proficient at assessing business requirements, modeling, and gaining an understanding of business metrics You are comfortable communicating technical issues to non-technical users You are excellent at communicating over written, verbal, organizational, and presentational channels You excel at being flexible and juggling multiple projects in a fast-paced environment You are comfortable working under pressure independently handling multiple projects and deadlines Qualifications 3+ years of experience working with SQL queries and accessing data 2+ years of consulting experience, preferably at a "Big 4" or similar firm Demonstrated expertise in business analysis and data analysis Experience writing requirements and specifications for IT systems An undergraduate degree in technology or business Come be part of the future: _About Us…_ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past three years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For”. Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity. Compensation & Benefits We offer competitive compensation, medical, dental, vision and basic life insurance. One of the most important benefits is the opportunity to work in an incredibly exciting and rapidly growing firm. The best part is that we are a group of highly dedicated and competent professionals that deliver results and have fun along the way.
 Computer Vision Data Scientist: Who You Are: We’re looking for a data scientist to connect people with striking visuals that fit their project and brand. You’ll evaluate large data sets through quantitative analysis, modeling, and visualization to help us build better data products and experiences for customers and content contributors. We’ve built a work environment that is highly collaborative and gives you the opportunity to develop creative solutions with the world’s best imagery. Our team is responsible for developing new products based on our data. These products span a wide-range of data science skill-sets: visual AI and analysis, natural language processing, recommendation engines, and experimental design. Your expertise in one or more of these areas will create the foundation for the new and exciting products we build. Your Next Challenge: Perform data exploration, statistical analysis, and modeling on how the world interacts with Getty Images Work with and develop state of the art visual models for image classification and recommendation Partner with product teams to understand customer needs and areas of opportunity Develop data products that make it easier for our customers to find and license the best imagery Present research and findings to senior management to help drive strategy What You’ll Need: You've obtained an advanced degree in a scientific (natural, social, computer) field or related area and/or 5 years of experience in a data science role. At least 4 years of experience with computer vision. You have a deep understanding of machine learning algorithms and proven experience with neural networks. You have strong coding skills in a statistical/modeling language including: Python/R/C++ Your project portfolio has algorithms written in one of the following frameworks: Tensorflow/(Py)Torch/Keras/Caffe(2) Experience with distributed computing (Spark/Hadoop) and database technology/query languages (SQL/Hive/etc) Ability to collaborate closely with multiple teams across with a wide range of technical backgrounds Curiosity to bring technical solutions to challenges in the creative space Strong interpersonal skills _LI-MM1_ Who We Are: Getty Images is the world’s leader in visual communication, with over 170 million assets available through its premium content site www.gettyimages.com and its leading stock content site www.istock.com. With its advanced search and image recognition technology, Getty Images serves business customers in more than 100 countries and is the first place creative and media professionals turn to discover, purchase and manage images and other digital content. Its award-winning photographers and content creators help customers produce inspiring work which appears every day in the world’s most influential newspapers, magazines, advertising campaigns, films, television programs, books and online media. Visit Getty Images at www.gettyimages.com to learn more about how the company is advancing the unique role of digital media in communications and business, and enabling creative ideas to come to life. For company news and announcements, visit press.gettyimages.com, and for the stories, innovation and inspiration behind our content, visit Stories & Trends http://stories.gettyimages.com. Find us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/gettyimages and Twitter at https://twitter.com/GettyImages.
 Data Scientist- Decision Science: About the team Zillow Group is currently seeking a Data Scientist to join the Decision Science team in our Seattle office. Our team is tasked with absorbing billions of rows of data from dozens of sources, organizing them, analyzing them, and visualizing them to help inform both short- and long-term decision-making. Our structure is very flat and you will soon find yourself communicating directly with Senior Leadership. Each team member focuses on a cross-section of the Zillow Group community. Below are some of the areas in which our Data Scientists focus their energy. Business - Build data-driven insights to fuel the future of each of Zillow Group’s businesses (e.g., Agent, Rentals, New Construction). Find opportunities for innovation and assess performance of current initiatives. Marketing - Develop strategies for B2C and B2B marketing efforts through a wide range of marketing channels and measure their performance. Product - Analyze how our consumers are interacting with our web and app products to ensure we are providing them with a delightful experience. Sales - Analyze the intersection of human behavior, incentive structures, and sales process to build a more efficient sales force. Pricing - Develop and implement pricing strategies that deliver the best value possible for our clients (Premier Agents, Lenders, Landlords, etc). Tools - Create data-focused information products from billions of data points we collect every single day for internal and external clients. About the role Once you're here, you'll work to make important, strategic decisions that influence the direction of the company. More specifically: Dive into Zillow's internal and third party data (think Hive, Presto, SQL Server, Redshift, Python, Mode Analytics, Tableau, R) to make strategic recommendations (e.g., personalized user flows, segmented marketing audiences, more accurate pricing forecasts). Assist in the scoping and development of new product features and business initiatives. Compile and analyze data describing the performance of those initiatives (e.g., AB tests, pilots, incrementality tests). Develop a common language and approach to analyzing and communicating information and insights across teams. Create, maintain, and document a robust set of metrics to monitor day-to-day bug detection and long-term performance tracking. Tell stories that describe analytical results and insights in meetings of all sizes with diverse audiences. Consult with business partners and provide analytics-oriented thought leadership across a variety of non-technical audiences to ensure that all levels of Zillow Group make data-driven decisions. Who you are You will not shy away from complexity or uncertainty. You will develop a deep understanding of our mission, business models, and personas. We want you to use that intuition you've developed (both in business and real life) to find opportunities for growth and cultivate insights from our massive data sets. We're looking for a seasoned data scientist who has: An undergraduate or Master's degree in a quantitative field (e.g. science, engineering, economics, finance, statistics, or similar) or demonstrable experience within data science and analytics. 2+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis and complex problem solving (preferably focused on consumer-facing internet products). Foundational analytical skills (demonstrated understanding of SQL, command of Excel, and experience using R and/or Python) and is a Tableau pro. Experience directly querying multi-terabyte-sized data sets (e.g. with Hive and Presto) including clickstream data and raw data ingested from non-standard platforms (e.g., homegrown systems). An understanding of concepts, terminology, and measurement issues related to web traffic. Strong written, verbal, and visual communication skills to concisely communicate in a way that provides context, offers insights, and minimizes misinterpretation. The skills to work cross-functionally and push business partners to focus on realistic goals and projects. Get to know us Zillow Group is owned, fueled and grown by innovators who help people make better, smarter decisions around all things home. We encourage one another at every level, and our efforts are supported by employee-driven, world-class benefits that enable us to enjoy our lives outside the office while building fulfilling careers that impact millions of individuals every day. _Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know._
Data Scientist: Does the idea of diving head first into one of the most comprehensive datasets of the internet’s metadata and infrastructure excite you? Do you want to to help win the battle against cyber crime by building predictive solutions for DomainTools’ threat intelligence platform? As a Data Scientist at DomainTools , you will help us improve our ability to predict malicious domains, identify patterns of malicious activity, and advance our products & services. You will collaborate with people across the entire organization to help identify new opportunities for predictive solutions, build prototypes, and work closely with product management and engineering to deliver them to the customer. Your work will inform both the R&D; and product roadmap & contribute to primary research delivered to our customers and marketplace. Who you are: PhD or MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field with a focus on data science and 3+ years work experience in data science and predictive modeling Or BS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field and 8+ years work experience in data science and predictive modeling What you bring: You are self-directed, research-focused, and excited by finding new patterns in data In-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms, both supervised and unsupervised, and statistical modeling methods Algorithm and model optimization (hyper-parameter tuning; feature engineering, extraction, and selection) Experience building analytical pipelines with distributed, large scale data processing platforms Able to communicate your research and finding effectively across all levels of the company, as well as externally to customers and the cyber security community Nice to haves: Experience working in CyberSecurity (Understanding of cyber kill chain model, threat actors and their TTPs) Understanding of IP networking, DNS, and Whois records Experience with actual "Big Data" datasets on NoSQL and/or RDBMS Experience designing data visualizations Python and/or Scala experience, including Jupyter Notebooks Hive, Spark, MapReduce, R, Pandas, scikit-learn What you will do: Identify new complementary datasets Explore, analyze, and transform very large datasets Design and build new models, and/or enhance existing models Evaluating effectiveness of models over time Share your research across the company and with our customers in the form of articles, papers, and presentations Generate new intellectual property This position is located in our Seattle office. There will be occasional travel to conferences. Must be authorized to work in the United States. DomainTools helps security analysts turn threat data into threat intelligence. We take indicators from your network, including domains and IPs, and connect them with nearly every active domain on the Internet. Those connections inform risk assessments, help profile attackers, guide online fraud investigations, and map cyber activity to attacker infrastructure. Fortune 1000 companies, global government agencies, and leading security solution vendors use the DomainTools platform as a critical ingredient in their threat investigation and mitigation work.
Data Scientist: Analytics - Seattle Overview At HelloWorld, we are committed to creating and deploying best-in-class loyalty programs and promotions for our clients. We are seeking a key team member to support growth in analytics, insights and data-driven offering. This team member will be an experienced data scientist with machine learning and "big data" experience and a stellar track record of providing data-driven insights and solutions from the data. The winning candidate will be driven, self-directed, possess a passion for exploring the whys and what-ifs and an ability to translate these into recommendations that optimize program performance. Technical aptitude and familiarity with common data mining and statistical applications are important for this position. The candidate should also be an effective communicator capable of independently driving issues to resolution and communicating insights to non-technical audiences. Description and Responsibilities Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques. Deliver actionable insights on ambiguous projects with multiple stakeholders, unclear requirements and often incomplete data. Develop and implement measurement plans to address specific business questions with high quality, defensible data analytics. Derive actionable insights, build predictive models and/or construct addressable segments from individual- and event-level behavior data using advanced statistics and machine learning. Integrate data from multiple platforms and applications to provide holistic insights and cross-platform actionabilty. Design, implement, and analyze experiments to provide causal analysis. Present findings and recommendations to key decision makers and influencers at various seniority levels within HelloWorld and client firms. Integrate with other functional teams to create cross-functional solutions that leverage data and insights. Influence stakeholders through effective storytelling with data, using clear visualizations, and other influencing tools, underscored by robust and defensible data analysis. Job Specifications and Competencies 5+ years of industry experience solving business problems using quantitative analytical methods. Master's degree in a quantitative STEM field such as mathematics, sciences, operations research, engineering with an emphasis on scientific methodologies. Experienced and proficient querying, dimensioning and reducing both structured and unstructured data using SQL, Python, R, or related querying/scripting language or statistical software. Preference for experience with multiple tools. Experience with predictive modeling techniques and machine learning – K means clustering, logistic and linear regression, structural equation modeling, Strong experimental design skills, including an ability to construct and execute proper controls. Experience articulating business questions and using quantitative techniques to arrive at a solution using available data. Sophisticated and innovative application of quantitative methods to solve prediction and insights challenges, often with imperfect data, Demonstrated experience processing, exploring, transforming, analyzing, and presenting insights from large quantities (Millions to Billions of rows) of data Strong business knowledge; experience in loyalty, retention or catalog marketing preferred. Ability to translate business challenges into analytical solutions –, acknowledge and address confounds or uncertainties, and choose best methods in light of these challenges. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to communicate technical findings to a non-technical business audience. Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
Data Scientist: Overview At HelloWorld, we are committed to creating and deploying best-in-class loyalty programs and promotions for our clients. We are seeking a key team member to support growth in analytics, insights and data-driven offering. This team member will be an experienced data scientist with machine learning and "big data" experience and a stellar track record of providing data-driven insights and solutions from the data. The winning candidate will be driven, self-directed, possess a passion for exploring the whys and what-ifs and an ability to translate these into recommendations that optimize program performance. Technical aptitude and familiarity with common data mining and statistical applications are important for this position. The candidate should also be an effective communicator capable of independently driving issues to resolution and communicating insights to non-technical audiences. Description and Responsibilities Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques. Deliver actionable insights on ambiguous projects with multiple stakeholders, unclear requirements and often incomplete data. Develop and implement measurement plans to address specific business questions with high quality, defensible data analytics. Derive actionable insights, build predictive models and/or construct addressable segments from individual- and event-level behavior data using advanced statistics and machine learning. Integrate data from multiple platforms and applications to provide holistic insights and cross-platform actionabilty. Design, implement, and analyze experiments to provide causal analysis. Present findings and recommendations to key decision makers and influencers at various seniority levels within HelloWorld and client firms. Integrate with other functional teams to create cross-functional solutions that leverage data and insights. Influence stakeholders through effective storytelling with data, using clear visualizations, and other influencing tools, underscored by robust and defensible data analysis. Job Specifications and Competencies 5+ years of industry experience solving business problems using quantitative analytical methods. Master's degree in a quantitative STEM field such as mathematics, sciences, operations research, engineering with an emphasis on scientific methodologies. Experienced and proficient querying, dimensioning and reducing both structured and unstructured data using SQL, Python, R, or related querying/scripting language or statistical software. Preference for experience with multiple tools. Experience with predictive modeling techniques and machine learning – K means clustering, logistic and linear regression, structural equation modeling, Strong experimental design skills, including an ability to construct and execute proper controls. Experience articulating business questions and using quantitative techniques to arrive at a solution using available data. Sophisticated and innovative application of quantitative methods to solve prediction and insights challenges, often with imperfect data, Demonstrated experience processing, exploring, transforming, analyzing, and presenting insights from large quantities (Millions to Billions of rows) of data Strong business knowledge; experience in loyalty, retention or catalog marketing preferred. Ability to translate business challenges into analytical solutions –, acknowledge and address confounds or uncertainties, and choose best methods in light of these challenges. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to communicate technical findings to a non-technical business audience. Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
 data analyst - Data Visualization & Publishing, Network Optimization
Advanced Analytics - Seattle, WA: Job Summary and Mission This job contributes to Starbucks success by guiding business decisions through utilizing data analysis and consulting that results in predicting outcomes, understanding complex data relationships, and developing impactful dashboards and metrics. This position partners on a cross-functional team of data scientists, statisticians, and business analysts supporting strategic initiatives utilizing the latest in computing technologies and operating across manufacturing, transportation, planning, distribution, and store delivery transactions and data elements to unlock the opportunities to support our supply chain operations. Summary of Key Responsibilities Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following: Extracts data from various databases; performs exploratory data analysis, cleanses, massages, and aggregates data Applies basic statistical concepts and descriptive statistics to understand and describe relationships in data Builds predictive models and complex descriptive analytics, such as clustering and market basket analysis Participates in discussions with business partners to define business question and to consult Creates impactful visual representations of analytic insights and concise summaries of methodology geared to audience needs; presents selected portions to stakeholders Provides analytic support (code documentation, data transformations, algorithms, etc.) to IT to implement analytic insights and recommendations into business processes (e.g., feed of modeling scores into campaign manager) Contributes to analytic project proposals Promotes and advocates for value of analytics and data among peers Mentors new analysts in databases, tools, access, data prep techniques Summary of Experience Years within data analysis field or discipline Minimum 1 year experience Basic Qualifications Education: BA/BS with concentration in quantitative discipline - Statistics, Math, Comp Science, Engineering, Econ, Quantitative Social Science or similar discipline Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Ability to apply knowledge of multidisciplinary business principles and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross-functional projects and activities Exposure and business-applicable experience in several Modeling & Machine Learning Techniques (regression, tree models, survival analysis, cluster analysis, forecasting, anomaly detection, association rules, etc.) Exposure and business-applicable experience in several data ETL (Teradata, Oracle, SQL, Python, Java, Ruby, Pig) Exposure and business-applicable experience in several analytic languages (R, SAS, SPSS, Stata) Big data processing techniques, preferred Retail, customer loyalty, and eCommerce experience, preferred _Starbucks is an equal opportunity employer of all qualified individuals; including minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities, and regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Starbucks will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all federal, state, and local ordinances._
 Data Coordinator I: Overview Cures Start Here. At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network. Careers Start Here. The Data Coordinator is responsible for the collection, coordination, processing, and quality control of clinical trial data. The incumbent works with limited supervision in performing work assignments, and uses judgment in data collection, quality control, and liaison activities. Responsibilities Review and monitor patient/participant clinical trial data Abstract and code information such as patient/participant treatment and progress Perform routine audits to insure quality and completeness of the data submitted Serve as a liaison and reference resource to Physicians, Investigators, other staff members, and other organizations with questions about data collection or protocol procedures and requirements Monitor adherence to protocol, investigating any violation Maintain computer database Participate in committees with regard to data quality assurance Maintain ongoing contact with data suppliers to insure timely and complete delivery of data Coordinate special projects Provide input to support policies and goals of the department Perform other duties as assigned Qualifications BA/BS, RRA (Registered Records Administrator), ART (Accredited Records Technician), or two year degree in the medical field Two years of experience in medical records, cancer registry, or related field Strong computer skills and experience working with databases Strong verbal and written communication skills Knowledge of medical terminology Knowledge of statistics preferred Our Commitment to Diversity We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and VEVRAA Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at escmail@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700.
Data Scientist II: Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights and technology? Do you want to work on one of the largest data science teams at Microsoft, lighting up actionable insights that drive the key business decisions for the entire Office365 organization? The Microsoft 365 Insights, Data Engineering & Analytics team (IDEAs), is the central data science team for Office 365 engineering and marketing. We’re looking for a skilled data scientist to help innovate and drive how we measure and improve data quality of our business-critical metrics and datasets using statistical and machine learning methods (i.e. anomaly and outlier detection). You will be working closely with our data engineering and product engineering teams to define quality standards, detection methods, and drive data system improvements. If you’re passionate about quality, enjoy finding issues that others miss, and using leading edge analysis techniques, this is the position for you! Our overall team plays a key role in providing end-to-end analytics for Office 365, including: Bringing the relevant data into a central system to create the single version of truth Creating key metrics, reports and dashboards to support business health Opportunity analysis and hypothesis generation for stages throughout the user lifecycle Building advanced analytical models (behavior segmentation, churn prediction, purchase propensity, recommendation engine, etc.) that spans engineering, marketing, partners and finance To be successful in this role, you must be driven, self-directed, entrepreneurial and focused on delivering the right results. You also need to have strong skills in written and oral communications, a can-do attitude and the willingness to tackle hard problems in innovative ways. You also thrive in a team environment that values cross team collaboration and building on the success of others. Responsibilities Design and implement statistical and ML based methods of detecting data quality issues and anomalies in big datasets Work with data engineering to define data quality standards and consult teams on how to meet those standards Assess the quality and confidence of critical datasets used by customers and executive level metrics Design and implement data quality metrics and provide insights on how the organization can improve them Develop reusable libraries in Python, R, or C to help automate data quality checks and standardize assessments Communicate with technical and non-technical audiences on data quality issues and initiatives Qualifications Degree in Statistics/Math/Computer Science or related field 1+ year of industry work experience in R, Python implementing statistical models and machine learning models (anomaly detection, classification, clustering, time series prediction, regression models, etc.) 1+ year working with databases and SQL Experience with large scale computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark, and/or similar systems preferred Experience with programming skills, e.g. Java, C is a plus Strong written and verbal communication to educate and work with cross functional teams Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
 Data Scientist: Concur, a part of SAP, imagines the way the world should work, offering cloud- based services that make it simple to manage travel and expenses. By connecting data, applications and people, Concur delivers an effortless experience and total transparency into spend wherever and whenever it happens. Concur services adapt to individual employee preferences and scale to meet the needs of companies from small to large, so they can focus on what matters most. The company serves more than 30,000 clients representing more than 27 million users in over 150 countries. Who are we looking for? We’re looking for a data scientist who will lead our full-stack machine learning research efforts. Work will require meeting with customers to understand their problems, design experiments, model solutions, and visualize data. Projects may involve image classification, natural language understanding, topic analysis, and anomaly detection. The ideal candidate will be familiar with machine learning algorithms, able to apply frameworks like scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch, and be able to create new tools, frameworks, and services. You will frequently represent our team and Concur through public speaking at company events, customer events, meetups, and conferences. As a leader, you will mentor interns, junior developers, and junior data scientists. Some travel is encouraged. About Us Concur Labs explores ideas and builds prototypes that advance the Concur Platform. Our charter is to surface innovations and look at problems differently, often combining technologies in novel ways to enhance the life of a business traveler. We are a small multi-disciplinary team that collaborates with technologists, designers, and product owners to reveal insights and create new product opportunities. We focus on near-future applications of applied machine learning, contextual computing, and alternative and conversational interfaces. The ideal candidate will prefer flexibility and learning over expertise, and will be comfortable in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Position Requirements About You You’re creative. You have a good imagination and you’re always thinking of new and interesting ideas. You’re innovative. You are pragmatic and understand that you must work and execute on your creativity to provide meaningful value. You’re conscientious. You can analyze complex problems and present multiple solutions. You’re an instigator. You can think critically, identify opportunities, and clearly articulate your point of view. You’re resourceful: You’re someone who knows their way around the “data stack” utilizing R, Python, SQL, whatever it takes. You can get the data you need wherever it lives, organize it, and explore it. You’re a leader: You are comfortable with preparing workshops, leading discussions, demonstrating your work, teaching others what you know, learning what you don't. You have experience presenting to leaders and stakeholders. You are able to communicate your work effectively depending on the audience. You work well with others. You thrive on inter-disciplinary teams, and value different perspectives and high levels of communication and collaboration. You’re a little (or a lot) nerdy. You stay up to date on the latest trends, fads, and tools in mathematics, technology, and data visualization. You want to make the world a better place. You believe that your work has tremendous potential to make life more rewarding, sustainable, and fulfilling. Value Competencies: Displays passion for & responsibility to the customer Hires, develops & rewards great people Displays leadership through innovation in everything you do Displays a passion for what you do and a drive to improve Displays a relentless commitment to win Displays personal & corporate integrity EEO: Concur is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, sex, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristics protected by federal, state or local law. We are committed to hiring and valuing a global diverse work team. Concur is a dynamic, growing and fast-paced organization. As such, successful employees are able to work in a fast-paced environment, managing multiple priorities often times under tight deadlines. This typically requires working a 40+ hour work week to accomplish performance objectives. With that, Concur offers flexibility as to the specific working hours that may be required or available depending on your role. Concur is a SaaS company. Employees must be technically savvy with the ability to use the computer/keyboard and telephone to conduct business. The ability to creatively problem solve to our core value of ‘Leadership through innovation in everything we do’. Many positions within Concur are customer facing so written, verbal and interpersonal communications skills are required for a majority of opportunities with Concur. Confidentiality and our core value ‘Personal and corporate integrity’ are critical components being that Concur is a publicly traded company and working towards building a great, enduring company. E-Verify: Concur participates in E-Verify to confirm work authorization. IND123 LI-SS1 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Data Scientist - Biostatistics: Position Overview: The Climate Corporation’s mission is to help the world’s farmers sustainably increase their productivity with digital tools. We are looking for a biostatistician with strong data analysis and modeling skills to join an interdisciplinary team of scientists. We apply big data and cloud computing in concert with some of the richest agronomic datasets in the world including weather data, environmental sensors, soil measurements, and disease observations as well as satellite and UAV imagery. You will help build robust predictive models for the spread of plant diseases and their impact on plant health, yield, and profitability, in order to help farmers make better informed management decisions. Candidates with substantially deeper experience may be hired at a more senior level. If you are interested in applying your skills in data wrangling and biostatistics to help farmers, The Climate Corporation would love to talk to you! What You Will Do: Lead research projects to create curated datasets, develop new disease models, and develop statistically robust experimental designs to validate models in the real world Apply spatio-temporal statistics, machine learning, mechanistic models, survival analysis, natural language processing, and other approaches to continuously improve our models Collaborate closely with atmospheric scientists, plant pathologists, epidemiologists, physical scientists, software engineers, product managers, and designers to design and build products that delight our customers Mentor other scientists through direct collaboration on projects, code and paper review, and acting as a consultant as needed Clearly communicate program direction and results to stakeholders in various parts of the organization, including science, engineering, business strategy, and product Basic Qualifications: M.S. +2 years of experience or Ph.D. in biostatistics, epidemiology, or another highly quantitative applied discipline Applicant must demonstrate experience in applying statistical and/or machine learning techniques to real-world problems Ability to write well-structured, easily maintainable, and well-documented code Preferred Qualifications: Experience with application of statistics to applied environmental or epidemiological problems Experience working with big, messy datasets and deriving inferences from them Desire to continuously improve on coding skills, including through code review with peers Strong drive to learn new topics and skills, to develop innovative products for our customers, and build whatever is necessary along the way Desire and ability to communicate and collaborate as a member of an agile, interdisciplinary team Problem solving skills to develop quick yet sound solutions to resolve complex issues Coding skills in Python, R, or similar What We Offer: Our teams are composed of industry experts, top scientists, and talented engineers. The environment is extremely engaging and fast-paced, with dozens of specialties coming together to provide the best possible products and experiences for our customers. We provide competitive salaries and some of the best perks in the industry, including: Superb medical, dental, vision, life, disability benefits, and a 401k matching program A stocked kitchen with a large assortment of snacks & drinks to get you through the day Encouragement to get out of the office and into the field with agents and farmers to see first-hand how our products are being used We take part and offer various workshops, conferences, meet-up groups, tech-talks, and hackathons to encourage participation and growth in both community involvement and career development We also hinge our cultural DNA on these five values: Inspire one another Innovate in all we do Leave a mark on the world Find the possible in the impossible Be direct and transparent Learn more about our team and our mission: The Climate Corporation - The Technology Behind Making A Difference https://youtu.be/c5TgbpE9UBI or visit https://climate.com/careers LI-TD1
Senior Data Scientist-Seattle: Job Description We are looking for Senior Data Scientists to be part of the Metis Data Science Instructional Team. We seek individuals who love and excel at analyzing and visualizing data to solve important problems, are passionate about teaching others to be premier data scientists, and are fun to be around and work with. An ideal candidate should be quick to learn and adapt, care about design of simple, powerful, beautiful interfaces and visuals, love writing code, thrive in creative team efforts, and also have interests and passions beyond data science. RESPONSIBILITIES _Metis Senior Data Scientists provide incredible and inspiring Data Science instruction; support the design and teaching of new products and courses and infuse their expertise into our business operations; and continually sharpen their skills through consulting and passion project explorations. Metis calls this approach our 2-1-1 Instructor Model._ _Teaching the Data Science Bootcamp_ _(2 quarters of the year)_ _Metis Senior Data Scientists spend half the year co-teaching two 12-week bootcamps (20-24 students). On any given day, the amount of lecture time is 1-2 hours, and the remainder of the day is spent directly engaging with and coaching individually the students._ Leading course discussions Providing personalized support to students Improving the quality of our curriculum Offering career guidance and interview support _Developing & Teaching New Courses & Supporting Business Operations _ _(1 quarter of the year)_ _Metis Senior Data Scientists spend about one-quarter of the year helping to create and teach new course offerings, as well as infusing our functional areas – admissions, marketing, careers, instructor recruitment – with their domain expertise._ Creating new courses and/or enhancing existing courses Providing data science training to corporations Interviewing and providing feedback on applicants Speaking at events and conferences Writing articles and blogs Assisting with instructor recruitment _Sharpening Skills & Pursuing Data Science Passion Projects _ _(1 quarter of the year)_ _Metis Senior Data Scientists spend about one-quarter of the year focused entirely on enhancing their skill set and building their data science knowledge in whatever way they choose. These three months are intended to be self-driven. Some ideas include:_ Consulting on pro bono data science projects (e.g., with DataKind) Providing in-house data science project expertise to specific companies Authoring a book related to data science Enrolling in data science classes Working on open source passion projects IDEAL APPLICANT Has an exceptional background in at least two of the following three skill domains: Computer Science Math/Statistics Data Science/Machine Learning Has solid data science industry experience Preferably has some teaching experience Has excellent communication and listening skills Approaches problems with a design perspective Is passionate about continuous learning Does not take themselves too seriously PERKS OF THE ROLE Part of a team that is transforming education Three paid months per year to sharpen skills and pursue passion projects Competitive compensation package Opportunity to network and develop, both among Metis’ Data Science speaker community, as well as through Kaplan, the global educational company and parent company of Metis Opportunity to work in different geographic locations (currently NYC, Chicago and San Francisco)
 Data Scientist (Insurance): Symetra is a dynamic and growing financial services company with 60 years of experience and customers nationwide. In our daily work delivering retirement, employee benefits, and life insurance products, we're guided by the principles of VALUE, TRANSPARENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY. That means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and honestly so people understand what they're getting, and we build products that stand the test of time. We work hard and do what's right for our customers, communities and employees. Join our team and share in our success as we work toward becoming the next national player in our industry. Be part of a new and growing Data Analytics team at Symetra. The Data Scientist is a new role at Symetra and is responsible for leading data science projects from scoping initiatives to model deployment. They will also be responsible in building out and mentoring citizen data scientists and junior analysts across the company. This positioning will be reporting to the VP of Data Analytics. Key Responsibilities: Use advanced data analytics techniques moving Symetra to become a data driven company. Work with multiple business functions and cross functional teams to add value such as Life, Benefits, Retirement, Finance, Operations, Sales, Marketing, and HR. Must be able to communicate and understand area's goals. Scope, recommend, and lead projects with the best ROI potential. Subject matter expert on data cleansing and preparation Ability to work with SQL and its applications Key member in development and adoption of a Symetra "Data Analytics Center of Excellence" focusing on best practices and building out/mentoring a network of self-service data preparation and citizen data scientists Provide insights to management using data, business intelligence, and predictive analytics. Ability to run a data modeling projects from defining the problem to model deployment Strong knowledge of data science techniques such as model selection and validation Work with and recommend emerging technologies and platforms such as applications within AWS and Azure Governance- Develop company best practices and guidance in the area of data and analytics. Document, organize, and communicate thoughts and ideas effectively Other projects and research on an as needed basis. Evaluation of Insuretech Startups and POC projects Education & Experience: 4 year college degree, may have a master or professional designation At least 3+ years in the financial services industry, and 6+ years of total work experience Advanced technical proficiently in Actuarial Science, Data Science, Programming, Statistics, or similar field SQL, and other Microsoft Suite of Products R or Python modeling experience Experience building and deploying models Skills & Abilities: Experience in advanced analytic tools, statistics, or predictive models such as Excel, R, Python, or other commercial predictive modeling platforms Some experience in Data Management (SQL Server for example) preferred Knowledge of data mining techniques Ability to independently research relevant topics, enlighten the team based on findings, and convert findings to value-added deliverables Ability to determine when to use a simple analytic solution and when to use advanced analytical solutions Self-starter motivated to make meaningful contributions Able to lead project teams Desire to learn multiple facets of a large diverse insurance company Strong analytical skills and ability to quickly grasp business needs and objectives Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to manage time and work independently to complete tasks Strong organizational skills May manage 1-2 analysts over time Learn more at www.symetra.com/careers. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
 Office Administrator: Bellevue,Washington,United States UAMLNC The Boeing Company’s Strategy & Operations Management Organization (StratOps) in Information Technology and Data Analytics is seeking a mid-level Office Administrator to join our team in Bellevue, Washington! The ideal candidate will have a dynamic, forward-thinking approach to daily responsibilities and workflow; as well as demonstrate a great working relationship with peers and executives using strong collaboration, communication and people skills as well as discretion and initiative. Position Responsibilities: Track and maintain information relative to department and business operations Perform tasks for the Strategy & Operations Management Organization (StratOps) in Information Technology and Data Analytics, as well as prioritize and schedule management time and availability for efficient use of time. Proactively de-conflict schedules and apply priorities based on known context and concurrent events, while working under limited supervision. Verbally communicate a wide variety of information to multiple audiences. Process incoming and outgoing communication and correspondence to ensure proper dissemination of information. Create, edit and maintain electronic and written communication. Track and maintain designated conference room schedules for availability and efficient use of resources. Plan and implement logistics for executive level internal and external events. Coordinate with the appropriate focals to support the acquisition and maintenance of resources. Order and maintain office supplies. Provide guidance for less experienced employees. Coordinate and process domestic and international business travel arrangements, monitor designated business traveler logistics, generate expense reports and assist in reconciling corporate credit card charges to ensure timely and accurate reimbursement and verify payments to corporate credit cards. Collect and compile data to provide visibility of status for traveler review and signature. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are business professionals, engineers and technicians. Skilled business leaders, scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): High School Diploma/GED or higher Experience with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) Experience supporting Executives or Senior Managers. Experience managing executive schedules and calendars. Experience assisting management with the creation of PowerPoint presentations Experience coordinating and processing domestic and international travel arrangements, generating expense reports and reconciling corporate credit card charges. Able to work flexible hours, overtime and occasional weekends when necessary Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Experience with planning and implementing logistics for internal and external events and meetings Typical Education/Experience: High school diploma or GED and typically 4 or more years' related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. This position is located in Bellevue, WA and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. No CIO, Information & Analytics Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company
 Director of Data Acquisition: We believe that the future of writing is knowing who will respond to anything you write before you even publish it. Textio’s category-defining augmented writing platform is delighting customers, and we’re looking for a Director of Data Acquisition with a strong sense of ownership to join our Seattle team. At their core, Textio’s linguistic data sets are real-world documents paired with their real-world performance outcomes. As Textio’s augmented writing platform extends to more and more kinds of writing, these linguistic data sets are the foundation on which our entire platform and user experience are based. Whether Textio’s platform is being applied to job posts, emails, or any other kind of writing, it all starts with the data. In this role, you will build linguistic data sets from the ground up using whatever techniques are required. You will work with our customers to collect data where appropriate. You will design and run crowdsourcing experiments to build labeled data sets and will take advantage of publicly available data sources where it makes sense. You are scrappy and you see labeled data sets where other people don’t even think to look. Our Director of Data Acquisition knows how to turn these labeled data sets into testable hypotheses. If you can look at a piece of writing and immediately understand which linguistic variables are likely to influence its performance, then you can work with ML and NLP engineers to test your hypotheses against the data sets you have assembled. Finally, you will turn Textio’s models into writing guidance that real people can use. Textio writers are not linguists, statisticians, or data scientists. We can’t assume they are familiar with linguistic concepts. The Director of Data Acquisition will translate predictive models into real writing guidance—and come up with clever ways to automate this process along the way. We’d love to hear from you if: You have a strong background in empirical linguistics, experimental design, and/or user experience You have previously shipped production software that real people have used You have experience building text corpora from the ground up, including use of crowdsourcing platforms to build tagged data sets You are not a theoretical purist, and understand that the best product experiences come from blending approaches in machine learning, NLP, and linguistics You are comfortable working closely with data and infrastructure engineers, but you speak better human than machine You know how to ship a project on schedule, and you have a deep desire to own and lead You’re at ease writing scripts (in R, Python, or similar) and SQL to bring value out of data You are an excellent communicator verbally and in writing—Textio stands for editorial quality, and you do too You’re committed to quality as a top priority—you pay attention to what you make, and take pride in it You have a track record of experimenting, building, and learning new things You have a point of view but are low ego This is a leadership role on our growing Product team. We’re not looking for ninjas or rock stars. We want an awesome and trustworthy Director of Data Acquisition to lead our most critical language experience work from design all the way through implementation. Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. If there is anything we can do to create a more comfortable interview experience for you, please let us know. Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!
Data Scientist, Engineering: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA As a Data Scientist, you will evaluate and improve Google's products. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving consumer products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, data scientists not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations. Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity. Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products. Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information. Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering). 2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician). Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL). Preferred qualifications: PhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications. 4 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included. Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets. Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations. Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
 Data Scientist, Marketing Science R&D: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Marketing Science R&D; team is responsible for designing and prototyping highly-scalable solutions, and to ensure successful prototypes are expanded such that all advertisers can improve the measurement and ads delivery of their marketing efforts. In service of this goal, the team identifies and executes novel solutions, develops methodologies, and partners with our product and engineering teams. Facebook seeks an innovator to recognize new opportunities and help build highly-scalable, scientifically rigorous measurement and ads delivery systems. These efforts are instrumental for shifting the industry and marketers to evaluate their initiatives based on true business value, and to shape Facebook’s ads product strategy with insights gained from these new platforms. This position is full-time position based in either Menlo Park, California or Seattle, Washington. RESPONSIBILITIES Identify specific opportunities to leverage new data sources or systems to improve ads delivery or measurement for marketers Assess the validity and rigor of new data sources and approaches, establishing scalable frameworks for ongoing evaluation as appropriate Build cross-functional relationships with Product, Analytics and Engineering to shape long-term product roadmaps with a balance of technical rigor and strategic considerations MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Master’s or PhD in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Economics or Political Methodology 2+ years of hands-on research experience with empirical problems in the social or biomedical sciences, or in the Internet industry Experience with R and at least one of the following: PHP, JavaScript or Python Experience using machine learning or non-parametric modeling techniques with large (GB/TB) datasets Experience with causal inference, including leveraging observational data and addressing challenges from missing data PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Prior experience with ads product development and established track record of innovation Experience working with or in support of diverse communities
 Data Scientist, Analytics - Ads Foundations: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Ads Foundations team builds the bedrock infrastructure that Facebook's Ads are built on to help us achieve this mission. We are responsible for building solutions for Facebooks largest advertisers and partners through our APIs as well as hundreds of Facebook engineers who rely on our work to build stable solutions. We are focused on building for the future of Facebook ads which includes things like building more transparent systems, building more intuitive ads creation and management, rethinking the infra Ads systems run on to increase efficiency, among many others. This role has a wide opportunity for impact across many of the Ads systems at Facebook, directing the future of our technology, and impacting teams that create products that drive tens of billions of dollars of ad spend. We are looking for a Data Scientist who loves a technical challenge and doesn't shy away from difficult problems and can drive data science initiatives across a team of at least 40 engineers. RESPONSIBILITIES Provide technical and thought leadership on designing, prototyping, implementing and automating complex analyses Partner with cross-functional teams to identify new opportunities requiring the use of modern analytical and modeling techniques Effectively communicate insights and recommendations to management in support of strategic decision-making Plan, and be able to conduct as needed, end-to-end analyses, from data requirement gathering, to data processing and modeling Own ongoing deliverables and communications Work with data engineers to architect, develop, and optimize data and modeling pipelines MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics), or BS in a quantitative discipline plus MBA with a quantitative concentration (operations management, supply chain, information technology, finance), or equivalent practical experience 10+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modeling Track-record driving product strategy through data analysis and product positioning Experience extracting and manipulating large datasets Working knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g., SciKit Learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB) Experience in a scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.) Communication experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years experience leading cross-functional teams 2+ years experience in software engineering Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)
 Data Scientist: Company Information PACCAR is a Fortune 500 company established in 1905. PACCAR Inc is recognized as a global leader in the commercial vehicle, financial, and customer service fields with internationally recognized brands such as Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks. PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. PACCAR designs and manufactures advanced diesel engines and also provides customized financial services, information technology and truck parts related to its principal business. Whether you want to design the transportation technology of tomorrow, support the staff functions of a dynamic, international leader, or build our excellent products and services — you can develop the career you desire with PACCAR. Get started! Job Functions / Responsibilities Be a leading expert and organizational resource on developing and evaluating advanced analytics. Work with business stakeholders and Senior leaders to develop new analytics solutions, identify new data useful for analytics projects, and support analytics best practices. Develop sophisticated advanced analytics models; including creating, validating, analyzing and explaining the data used for model development. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and analytics techniques. Develop processes to extract, clean, merge, transform and compile data from various data sources, including relational database, flat files, NoSQL databases and unstructured data. Introduce improvements to increase the speed, accuracy and efficiency of advanced analytics across the PACCAR Financial organization. Provide accurate, relevant and meaningful ad-hoc analysis to management to support strategic and tactical decision-making. Create and present materials on data projects, data science architecture, and analytics strategies. Qualifications and Skills Required Qualifications: Minimum five years of applicable job experience, with a proven ability to develop advanced analytics models. Significant experience with, or deep understanding of, statistical techniques, modelling, and machine learning. Significant experience with, or deep understanding of, programming (R, Python, Java, or C). Significant experience with, or deep understanding of, structured and unstructured data, including relational databases (SQL Server), graph databases (Neo4J), NoSQL databases (MongoDB) and unstructured data. Experience with, or understanding of, programming (R, Python, Java, or C). Experience with working with big data (Scala, Spark, Pig). Must be a highly-motivated self-starter and self-directed learner with a creative mind, high attention to detail and a solution-oriented outlook. Candidate must demonstrate strong analytical skills, excellent general business acumen, with the ability to concisely and clearly communicate complex topics. Ability to maintain balance between solid “pragmatism” and “scientific rigor” to meet the needs of a dynamic business. Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite. Preferred Qualifications: Demonstrable in-depth understanding of data structures and ETL processes (including SSIS). Familiarity with cloud storage and compute on Azure or AWS. Experience with container deployments (Docker, Kubernetes, ECS). Experience with the operationalization and maintenance of analytics APIs using Plumber, Flask, Swagger and similar. Education Master's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Analytics, Computer Science or related field required. PhD in Data Science, Computer Science, or related field preferred. Additional Job Board Information PACCAR is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability.
 Data Scientist: Data Scientist Seattle, WA _About the Role. . ._ This role requires an in-depth understanding of statistics, as well as basic programming and data management skills. Success will require strong statistical problem-solving skills and the ability to leverage cutting-edge big data technologies. _You like to_ _. . ._ Create frameworks to predict a variety of outcomes in different scenarios Create models of customer satisfaction that provide detailed insight into what causes a customer to take different actions Collaborate with other data scientists and stakeholders on projects _You’re Good At_ Researching and designing statistical models to answer target questions, optimizing processes and outcomes, and informed decision-making Developing solutions in R or Python Developing production grade solution is a huge plus Working in Hadoop, Redshift, or Spark Translating business and product questions into analytics projects Communicating clearly over written and oral channels while translating complex methodologies and analytical results into high-level insights _Qualifications. . ._ Good Knowledge of SQL (3+ years) creating advanced queries in a high impact role. Must have experience with Web Analytics. Knowledge of Statistics and Machine Learning techniques. 3+ years building statistical models/evaluating/Feature selection in a high impact role. Knowledge of the latest NLP techniques Masters in Stats, computer science or related field Knowledge of R or Python (3+ years) Knowledge of C (at least 1 year) Experience building data pipelines A portfolio of NLP projects to showcase and discuss Experience in marketing analytics, attribution modeling, or click-stream data analysis MS / PhD in Machine Learning, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Mining, Math or any quantitative discipline _About Logic20/20. . ._ Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire. The past two years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For” ….. why? Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity.
Data Scientist, Analytics: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. We're looking for Data Scientists to work on our core and business products (ex. Instagram, Messaging, Growth, Engagement, Ads) to help shape the future of what we build at Facebook. You will enjoy working with one of the strongest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product. This position is based full time in our Seattle, WA office. RESPONSIBILITIES Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches The Data Scientist Analytics role has work across the following four areas: Product Operations Forecasting and setting product team goals Designing and evaluating experiments Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics Building and analyzing dashboards and reports Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis Evaluating and defining metrics Exploratory Analysis Proposing what to build in the next roadmap Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends Identifying new levers to help move key metrics Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems Product Leadership Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams Data Infrastructure Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and python based ETL framework MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years experience doing quantitative analysis BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field Experience in SQL or other programming languages Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.) Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product Knowledge of statistics (e.g., hypothesis testing, regressions) Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (ex. R, SAS) or other methods PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Advanced degrees Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)
 Data Scientist - Analytics Engineering: The Data Scientist is a key member of our Pharmacy Automation Software Analytics team and will lead development of intelligent solutions for new analytics product offerings, as well as guide the establishment of our next generation data ingestion, transformation, and analysis capabilities, transforming our current practices to take advantage of these capabilities. Your Responsibilities Identify important and interesting questions and challenges related to product capabilities and business operations and translate those questions into concrete analytical tasks and data systems Recommend strategies for design and implementation of scalable, intelligent systems, setting customer or team expectations regarding project timelines and algorithm development Provide thought-leadership in the area of analytics/data science for analytics product and future applications Develop and support external and internal data analysis and visualization/dashboarding in Tableau Develop the mapping, extraction, and unification (ETL) pipeline of data from numerous structured and unstructured healthcare sources into AWS for visualization and mining in novel applications Design and implement complex queries utilizing SQL Commands, Views, Stored Procedures Work closely with product management to plan and codify product capabilities and requirements Assist with critical analysis of test results and deliver solutions to problem areas Identify and research data structures and challenges with minimum documentation Analyze process challenges and make suggestions for the prevention of future problems Perform other duties, as assigned. Your Profile Proven ability to assess business problems and create, investigate, and deploy new statistical and machine learning-based approaches to improve business outcomes, defining the necessary pipelines, creating required analytical datasets, and developing clear, well-documented solutions Expertise in statistical tools like Python/R with knowledge of scientific/analytics libraries (pandas, scikit-learn, numpy, scipy, TensorFlow, Spark) Experience visually exploring data and creating production ready dashboards in Tableau Experience working with SQL (MSSQL, PostGreSQL, data warehousing concepts) and ability to write complex SQL queries Migration and ETL experience with moving on-premise data in/out of AWS cloud services including S3, RDS, and Redshift Excellent interpersonal and communications skills (both verbally and written), can effectively convey logical rationale for decisions and explain the results and implications of experiments Advanced Degree in related quantitative fields or clear demonstration of 2-5 years of relevant experience Desirable but not essential: Experience with inventory and supply chain management is a major plus Experience in the Healthcare industry a plus Experience developing intelligent, prescriptive analytics applications Experience in C, Java, and JavaScript We Offer Swisslog offers challenging work in a globally networked environment as well as competitive base salary, comprehensive benefits including health/dental and above-market 401K! OUR SOLUTIONS DELIVER RESULTS. OUR EMPLOYEES DELIVER SOLUTIONS. Swisslog is an EEO Employer, Females/Minority/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Swisslog’s FMLA policy can be found at: http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/fmlaen.pdf Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require reasonable accommodation to complete the application or to perform your job, please contact Human Resources at jobs.healthcare.us@swisslog.com Contact Andy Levine Talent Acquisition Manager
 Data Scientist, Analytics (Integrity): Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. We're looking for Data Scientists to work on measuring, detecting, reducing, and preventing negative experiences such as Hate Speech and Fake News in order to ensure that Facebook is a safe and welcoming community. RESPONSIBILITIES The Data Scientist, Analytics (Integrity) role has work across the following four areas: Data Infrastructure Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and python based ETL framework Product Operations Forecasting and setting product team goals Designing and evaluating experiments Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics Building and analyzing dashboards and reports Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis Evaluating and defining metrics Exploratory Analysis Proposing what to build in the next roadmap Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends Identifying new levers to help move key metrics Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems Product Leadership Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years experience doing quantitative analysis BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field Experience in SQL or other programming languages Experience initiating and driving projects to completion with minimal guidance Experience communicating the results of analyses Knowledge of statistical analysis PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience with a statistical package such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc. Experience with an Internet-based company
 Data Scientist: Responsibilities: Work as part of Data Scientists, Operations Researchers, Visual Analysts, and others, working on analytical, create solution requirements, develop analytical solutions (algorithms, models, simulations, etc.), verify/validate results and support implementation of any recommendations. Work with a mix of sensitive and public data to clean, organize, and prepare data for analysis. Understand structure of problem in order to recommend and implement appropriate modeling approach. Build and maintain prognostics, diagnostics and prescriptive models for specific business problems. Analyze and research industry trends and facts in order to provide industry related subject matter expertise. Act as a point of contact with customers and internal team on strategic modeling and analytical matters. Support business development initiatives for future analytics opportunities. Requirements: Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, Mathematics or similar Experience with Hadoop, Spark or similar technologies 5 years’ real world experience in an analytical business environment. Experienced and proficient with some of the following analytical methodologies: machine learning, data mining, text mining, optimization, predictive modelling, and big data analytics Mastered some of the following analytical tools/modeling languages: Python, R, Tableau, SAS.
 Data Scientist, Analytics - NLP Search: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. People issue over 2 billion searches on Facebook every day to find people, pages, videos, and connect with the communities and interests that matter to them. Facebook Search team is working to build a global, general-purpose search engine that leverages the unique content and social connections on Facebook. By unlocking the unique information and connections available on Facebook, we believe we can provide a more meaningful experience for people around the world, especially in mobile-first countries. To achieve our goal, we need to solve some of the most challenging engineering problems in the industry, across areas such as Infrastructure, Product, Mobile, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing (NLP). Being a complex engineering system, Facebook Search depends on several machine learning models and heavy natural language processing. Understanding the user's search intent from their search query is crucial to retrieving and matching the right content from Facebook's vast amount of social data. NLP team focuses on developing various machine learning technologies to process and transform a search query into a form that is utilized by the subsequent systems for retrieval and ranking. Context of the search query and its implicit and explicit semantics play an important role in satisfying the searcher's information need. Similar technologies are utilized to decipher the meaning and intent of the content in Facebook to create the matching between user intent and content. A Data Scientist in this role will leverage his knowledge and understanding of these technologies along with the vast and powerful search dataset in order to: (1) provide tactical engineering systems development guidance by bridging lower level NLP system components' performance to higher level product performance (2) perform various forms of opportunity analyses to influence NLP systems development roadmap and (3) collaborate with software engineers to help develop better ways of understanding search queries and content on Facebook. This is a key role within the greater search team and it requires heavy involvement with technical aspects of the core search technology. Join us, if you like getting involved in the details, think big and want to take Facebook Search to the next level! RESPONSIBILITIES Provide tactical engineering systems development guidance by bridging lower level NLP system components' performance to higher level product performance MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics), or BS in a quantitative discipline plus MBA with a quantitative concentration (operations management, supply chain, information technology, finance), or equivalent practical experience 10+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modeling Track-record driving product strategy through data analysis and product positioning Experience extracting and manipulating large datasets Working knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g., SciKit Learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB) Knowledge with a scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.) Communication experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years experience leading cross-functional teams Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)
Data Scientist (GEC11901): Position Description . Minimum Qualifications . Additional Preferred Qualifications Company Summary The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission. Position Summary The @WalmartLabs Personalization team consists of platform, application engineers, scientists and product visionaries all working together to design, prototype and build technology-driven products and experiences that will change the future landscape of ecommerce. We are focused on building the global service layer that will enable the end-to-end customer experience, from finding the product to delivering it to the customer. This will span many markets, business models and form factors; therefore, we are looking for engineers who will bring not only an abundance of experiences in technologies, but an abundant curiosity to innovate. Come join an organization where you'll get to work as part of a world-class team, solve problems that are at a scale few can create, and get to build products that are only bound by the scope of your imagination. Put your footprint on ground up development focused on building brand new products that will impact a Global customer base.
 Scientist I - Data Collection: We are looking for an enthusiastic data collection scientist with a track record of innovation and success. 23andMe has the world’s largest research database of participants with both genetic and self-reported data. Data collection for scientific research is critical to our mission and we are looking to add to our strong team. Individuals with education and experience in survey methodology or alternative self-administered instruments (e.g. cognitive assessment) are strongly encouraged to apply. The successful candidate will have substantial influence on data collection strategies and methodologies. Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. In addition to the genetic data generated for each customer, we also collect data about their medical history, traits, and behaviors through online research surveys developed by our trained survey methodologists. Over 220 million questions have been answered already, and this number increases every day. What you'll do We are looking for an experienced survey methodologist or health data scientist to work on our dynamic and growing data collection team. This person will have a vision of the future of data collection and will help lead, develop, implement, and test new measures of health conditions and behaviors. In addition, you will also be involved across the company on data collection, measurement and other related research efforts. What you'll bring Advanced degree in relevant scientific disciplines (e.g. public health, statistics, psychology, sociology, epidemiology, demography), Experience in design, deployment and analysis of surveys, self-administered tests, or similar measures Strong communication skills An ability to work to deadlines An ability to work on teams, in a fluid and highly collaborative environment Experience conducting qualitative and quantitative research Flexible and capable of managing multiple projects with overlapping deadlines in a landscape of evolving priorities Pluses Health research experience (e.g. community health, public health, clinical health) Understanding of genetics Quantitative data analysis experience Management experience Prior experience with Unix and XML or HTML Some familiarity with Python or another programming language Strong statistical skills and experience with a statistical program such as R, SPSS, or Stata About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com. 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.
Data Scientist: Experiment engineers will be expected to help define and develop our core software for designing and deploying advanced experiments.
 Data Scientist: Waymo is the self-driving technology company with a mission to make it safe and easy for people and things to move around. Building on software and sensor technology developed at Google, Waymo is now launching the world’s first fully self-driving transportation service that will take members of the public from A to B at the touch of a button. Waymo takes an integrated approach to building the world’s first self-driving car, with engineers, product managers, and technical program managers working side-by-side. We're growing our quantitative analysis and data science team and are looking for colleagues who are passionate about data - about designing systems that generate meaningful data, about finding out what it is telling us, and about using it to improve the world. In this data science role, you will: Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations Provide insights at scale. Use data available from millions of miles to understand what makes good driving and how to make it even better Build data tools and visualizations to enable better decisions using available data Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams We'd like you to have: PhD or MSc in Statistics or another quantitative field, and a few years of professional or research experience Experience working with various (large) datasets and an understanding of both the power and shortcomings of data Experience with statistical programming (e. g., R, Python) and database languages (e.g., SQL) Experience articulating practical questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into actionable recommendations Experience working or doing research in a fast-paced environment
Data Scientist: Introduction ASML US, LP brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers – to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Wilton, CT, Chandler, AZ and San Jose, CA. We are proud of bringing together the brightest minds all over the world to tackle the most challenging problems in making faster and smaller chips. As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to go beyond yourself in developing more advanced techniques and push the technology boundaries. ASML San Jose, CA is an industry leader in computational lithography for integrated circuits. Our Tachyon platform enables capabilities that address chip design, photomask making and wafer printing for semiconductor manufacturing and the LithoTuner platform enables lithography optimization for ASML’s leading photo lithography tools, known as ‘scanners’. Job Description Advanced Technology Development (ATD) Organization at ASML is looking for an experienced data scientist who has a passion to build data products and data systems. The ATD technology exploration team began to make the most use of a vast data acquired from our hardware and software products from 2014. As our vision expands, the opportunity to make important contributions to the company and to our customers through data analytics is also expanding. We seek a principal data scientist with practical experience in exploring big data opportunity at ASML. The Principal Data Scientist will be responsible for utilizing disparate data sources in novel ways, with the aim of generating actionable insights. The insights can create new product offerings or improve the capabilities, performance and efficiency of existing products and services throughout the company. You will collaborate with a cross-functional team of scanner domain experts, data scientists, and software engineers. You will work through the lifecycle of turning the data-driven insights into the final product. You will learn state-of-the-art photolithograhpy knowledge from ASML domain experts and identify areas of opportunity and improvement. You will work within a team of data scientists, explore large and complex data sets from various sensors monitoring the photolithography process, and experiment relevant Data Mining techniques and/or Machine Learning algorithms to improve the product intelligence. You will work closely with the production software engineering team to deploy the machine learning pipeline into software product. Education Ph.D in Computer Science/Engineering/Mathematics/Statistics is preferred. But master applicants with specialization in data science / machine learning track and/or extensive relevant industry experiences are strongly encouraged to apply or equivalent experience. Experience Solid understanding and hands-on experience (3+ years) with applied statistics and machine learning. Personal skills Proficiency in at least one of the three scripting languages: Python, R, or Matlab. Good understanding and hands-on experience with relational database such as MySQL or equivalent. Practical experience with data wrangling to prepare data for quantitative analytics and predictive modeling. Strong presentation and communication skills. Enthusiastic about enabling smart manufacturing and improving product quality control with the power of data science / machine learning. Knowledge and experiences with manufacturing SPC/APC (Statistical/Advanced Process Control) system are highly desirable. Experience with deploying predictive modeling pipeline in production is a big plus. Good understanding and hands-on experience with numerical optimization. Working knowledge about “big data” ecosystem: Hadoop, Hive, and Spark. Familiar with at least one programming language such as C/C++ or Java. Context of the position PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT This position primarily works in an office environment. It requires frequent sitting, standing and walking. Daily use of a computer is required. May stand for extended periods when facilitating meetings. The physical demands of the position described herein are essential functions of the job and employees must be able to successfully perform these tasks for extended periods. Reasonable accommodations may be made for those individuals with real or perceived disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job described. Other information EEO/AA (W/M/Vets/Disability) Employer
Data Scientist (Intern) - United States: WHAT YOU’LL DO As a Data Scientist Intern at Cisco you will interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports. You will review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems and maintain databases/data systems. You will be responsible for identifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data sets. You will also develop, prototype and test predictive algorithms and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. TEAM DESCRIPTION Let's change the world together. At Cisco you will find a diverse group of people working on massive structured, unstructured, transactional and real- time data sets from a variety of sources. We work with multi-functional teams to analyze customer usage patterns and provide actionable, intuitive, impactful insights using metrics, algorithms, and statistics. You'll learn from industry professionals and we will value your ideas and perspective. QUALIFICATIONS You are currently enrolled in a BS, MS or MBA program or equivalent in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Information Management, Statistics or a related field You have earned a minimum of a 3.0 GPA You know how to work a problem from beginning to end with data science tools and techniques, including data manipulation (SQL, Hadoop, etc.) and programming (R, Python, XML, Javascript, or ETL) frameworks You have experience with Oracle databases, strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), and knowledge of statistics for analyzing large datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc). You possess technical knowledge regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques You have strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy You are proficient in queries, report writing and presenting findings WHY CISCO At Cisco, each person brings their own unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. \- We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. \- We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco UNIVSALESJOBS SALES SERVICES GBS ENGINEERING CISCOSALESSTART @WEARECISCO
Data Scientist III: \------ ABOUT US \-------- We are a group of over 500 dedicated employees, committed to our mission of providing accessible, quality health care that is guided by local innovation. We feel that our work is bigger than ourselves. We leave work each day knowing that we made a difference in the community around us. Join us at Central California Alliance for Health (the Alliance), where you will be part of a culture that is respectful, diverse, professional and fun, and where you are empowered to do your best work. As a regional non-profit health plan, we serve approximately 350,000 members in Santa Cruz, Monterey and Merced counties. To learn more about us, click here ( http://www.ccah- alliance.org/aboutus.html ) or check out this video ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yI4SyyIimiU ). \------ WHAT YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR \------------------------------ Leading the process of designing and developing innovative, data-driven exploratory analysis and predictive and decision models to address business issues related to healthcare management and value-based payment models. You will provide proactive, strategic consultative solutions related to population health and program evaluation and independently collaborates and partners with management, project managers, and IT to develop, implement and manage an assigned project portfolio and will provide subject matter expertise, and assists with providing mentoring and training. THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL HAVE Certification as a Certified Professional in Healthcare Quality (CPHQ) Thorough knowledge of statistical software, such as SAS/R/Python Working knowledge of provider analytics Working knowledge of SQL and of data visualization tools, such as Tableau Experience working on Artificial Intelligence projects WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL Thorough Knowledge of: Predictive modeling, data mining, and risk adjustment Statistical techniques and data science Principles and practices of project management Statistical software, such as SAS/R/Python Windows based PC systems and Microsoft Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Excel, as well as report-generating software Program outcomes evaluation metrics, such as National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), Utilization Review Accreditation Commission (URAC), Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), and/or Leapfrog Healthcare industry and healthcare information standards such as HL7, LOINC, FHIR, ICD 9/10 and CPT codes, industry standard groupers, such as ETGs, DRGs, and DCGs Health plan and delivery system operations, healthcare informatics, and healthcare benefits and terminology Ability to: Perform new product development from concept to final delivery Develop new algorithms and modify existing algorithms in order to solve business problems Identify and analyze database and data processing problems and recommend solutions Apply business acumen and quickly and effectively assess business situations, risks, and opportunities in order to ensure beneficial outcomes Manage multiple projects simultaneously, organize work, maintain accurate records, and achieve goals and timelines Develop data-driven and outcome-based initiatives to improve business decision making Work collaboratively with individuals at all levels in a matrix organization while supporting multiple customers Education and Experience: Master’s degree in Data Science, Predictive Analytics, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or a related field Minimum of five years of advanced analytics experience in a healthcare setting which included a minimum of three years of experience building and applying predictive models and performing programming using statistical software or an equivalent combination of education and experience which would provide the required knowledge, skills and abilities may be qualifying. (Note: a Bachelor’s degree and two years of additional experience may substitute for the Master’s degree). To read the full position description, and list of requirements click here ( http://www.ccah-alliance.org/positions/Data_Scientist_III.pdf ). \-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- OUR BENEFITS \------------ Medical, Dental and Vision Plans Ample Paid Time Off 11 Paid Holidays per year 401(a) Retirement Plan 457 Deferred Compensation Plan Robust Health and Wellness Program Fresh Fruit Delivery EV Charging Stations And many more ( http://benefits.filice.com/centralcalifornia/2018/benguide.pdf ) Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
 Data Scientist, Personalization: Coursera is scaling a global platform to provide universal access to the world’s best education, and we’re motivated by the passion and mission to transform lives through learning. Our platform has reached over 30 million learners worldwide and we have partnered with 150+ elite universities around the globe with over 2,000 courses in our catalog. We offer Courses, Specializations, Certificates, and Degrees to meet the needs and goals of the diverse learners who come to Coursera. In 2016, Coursera began hosting accredited online Masters degrees provided by University partners, which provide a more convenient, lower-cost, “stackable” means of earning credentials identical to their traditional on-campus counterparts. We also launched Coursera for Business, partnering with enterprise companies around the world to provide access to curated skill development for their employees. We are looking for a talented and creative Data Scientist to build the models and algorithms that match learners with the best content and learning products to reach their goals, with a special focus on recruiting learners to our credential programs (e.g., Degrees). In this role, you’ll ideate, develop, and evaluate the future of content & credentials recommendations on Coursera. Our ideal candidate shares our passion for education, possesses a strong statistical and computational skill set, and is collaborative and impact- driven. You personally exhibit a conviction that the world needs Coursera to be wildly successful and alignment to our core values: Betterment: a tireless pursuit to drive results Boldness: take risks and act decisively Deep Honesty: invite and offer candid feedback in order to learn, change, and grow Solidarity: recognize that we are part of something bigger than ourselves and are committed to our mission Your responsibilities: Identifying, developing, and testing model-based innovations in personalized content & credentials recommendations Automating lead targeting across products and channels - both on and off platform Building fully automated and human-in-the-loop nurturing systems for our high-value credential products Designing and implementing self-learning systems that balance exploration with exploitation Working cross-functionally with engineers, product managers, and other data scientists on our core discovery and personalization products. Your skills: Solid background in applied math, computer science, statistics, or related technical field Deep applied statistics and modeling skills Strong computational skills Proficient with at least one scripting language (e.g., Python) and at least one statistical software package (e.g., R) Proficient with relational databases and SQL Excellent communication and project management skills Familiarity with domain-specific technologies and challenges in discovery and/or personalization preferred 2+ years of industry experience preferred but not required If this opportunity interests you, you might like these courses on Coursera: Recommender Systems Specialization Machine Learning Specialization
Data Scientist: The Toyota Research Institute (TRI) is an R&D enterprise designed to bridge the gap between fundamental research and product development. It has been launched with mandates to (1) enhance the safety of automobiles, with the ultimate goal of creating a car that is incapable of causing a crash; (2) increase access to cars to those who otherwise cannot drive, including those with disabilities and the elderly; (3) help translate outdoor mobility technology into products for indoor mobility; and (4) accelerate scientific discovery by applying techniques from artificial intelligence and machine learning. Toyota believes artificial intelligence has significant potential to improve the quality of life for all people, bringing ease, comfort and safety to all aspects of life. The long-term vision of the TRI Accelerated Materials Design and Discovery (AMDD) program is to aid in the development of truly emissions free and carbon neutral vehicles for the Toyota 2050 Environmental Challenge by merging advanced computational materials modeling, new sources of experimental data, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to dramatically accelerate the materials design and discovery process in a new cloud platform. At the border between materials science and data science we need a scientist that can use his/her deep domain expertise to extract valuable information from the results of experiments and simulations and turn them into information that one can train machine learning (ML) models on. Equally important you should use your analytical and computer skills to build ML models to advance the understanding of existing materials and predict the properties of new materials. In the longer term you should use the infrastructure that is being built to design new simulation and experimental studies for targeted search of new materials. You will join a team of materials scientists with programming skills that works closely with data engineers and data scientists from the core teams. You will collaborate with world class research groups from top universities who work at the front edge of materials research for future energy solutions. You will work very closely with these computational and experimental groups to understand and integrate their data. Responsibilities: Build machine learning models using both experimental and simulation data. Collaborate with ML/AI experts within TRI and our university collaborators to adopt new methods and continuously improve your ML models. Integrate experimental data from our university collaborators. Collaborate with our data engineers to bring your methods to scale in the cloud. Conduct simulation studies using the cloud materials informatics platform when it is ready. Qualifications: PhD degree in the physical sciences. 2 years of postdoctoral or industrial research experience. Solid experience with and understanding of experiments materials relevant for catalysis and/or batteries. Exceptional analytical skills and chemical intuition. Experience with building ML models. Ability to create, implement and test models at a fast pace. Strong communication skills. Team player. Proficiency with Python, Matlab or R.
Data Scientist: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. In this role, your primary responsibility will be to partner with key stakeholders and lead the development of an analytics program to support and enable the continued growth critical to Facebook’s Data Center organization. You will be responsible for creating end to end analytics programs, from data sourcing to surfacing insights and driving action, for various aspects of Facebook’s global data center operations. You will also help translate data and identify efficiency opportunities. You will be expected to use data to provide meaningful recommendations and actionable strategies to key stakeholders, and develop best practices, including streamlining of data sources and related programmatic initiatives. The ideal candidate will have a passion for working in white space and creating impact from the ground up in a fast-paced environment. Additionally, you will have a proven track record of thought leadership and impact in developing similar analytics and metrics based programs. This position is part of the Infrastructure Data Center team and located in our Menlo Park office. RESPONSIBILITIES Leverage data and business principles to create and drive large scale FB Data Center programs. Define and develop the program for metrics creation, data collection, modeling, and reporting the operational performance of Facebook’s data centers. Work cross-functionally to define problem statements, collect data, build analytical models and make recommendations. Be a self-starter, motivated by a passion for developing the best possible solutions to problems. Identify and implement streamlined processes for data reporting and communication. Use analytical models to identify insights that are used to drive key decisions across the organization. Routinely communicate metrics, trends and other key indicators to senior leadership. Provide leadership and mentorship to other members of the team. Lead and support various ad hoc projects, as needed, in support of Facebook’s Data Center strategy. Build and maintain data driven optimization models, experiments, forecasting algorithms and capacity constraint models. Leverage tools like R, Tableau, PHP, Python, Hadoop & SQL to drive efficient analytics. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Management Science). 5+ years of prior experience in a role with heavy emphasis on data analysis and metrics development. 3+ years of hands-on experience analyzing and interpreting data, drawing conclusions, defining recommended actions, and reporting results across diverse stakeholders. 3+ years of SQL development skills writing queries. 3+ years of hands-on project management experience. 3+ years of experience with data visualization tools. 3+ years of experience with packages such as R, Tableau, SPSS, SAS, STATA, etc. 2+ years of experience with scripting in Python or PHP. Experience leveraging data driven models to drive business decisions. Experience using data access tools and building visualizations using large datasets and multiple data sources. Ability to think analytically. Ability to distill and communicate data to all organizational levels. Experienced with packages such as NumPy, SciPy, pandas, scikit-learn, dplyr, ggplot2. Understanding of statistics and optimization techniques. Hands-on experience with medium to large datasets (i.e. data extraction, cleaning, analysis and presentation). PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Technical knowledge of data center operations.
 Data Scientist, Marketing Science R&D Internship: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Marketing Science R&D; team is responsible for designing and prototyping highly-scalable solutions, and to ensure successful prototypes are expanded such that all advertisers can improve the measurement and ads delivery of their marketing efforts. In service of this goal, the team identifies and executes novel solutions, develops methodologies, and partners with our product and engineering teams. We are looking for an intern to help develop new methodologies and conduct groundbreaking research. The research conducted by the Marketing Science team is instrumental in informing Facebook’s advertising product strategy, and in the development of measurement platforms used across the advertising industry. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and improve methods for measuring the causal impact of Facebook & Instagram advertising Establish measurement approaches to assess relative performance of advertising strategies within Facebook and across marketing channels Assess potential opportunities and execute world-class research MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing an advanced degree in economics, political science, sociology, statistics, computer science or a related quantitative field Strong background in applied statistics and causal inference Research experience with large data sets and experiments Fluency in the languages of data manipulation (e.g., SQL) and statistical analysis (R or Python) Ability to communicate analysis and results to any audience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Pursuing a Ph.D. degree in economics, political science, sociology, statistics, computer science or a related quantitative field
 Learning Scientist/Data Analyst, Facebook Blueprint: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. Facebook is looking for an experienced Learning Scientist/Data Analyst to join the Facebook Blueprint team. Blueprint is a global training program designed to educate advertisers, agencies, marketing partners, and small businesses on how to meet their business goals using the Facebook family of apps and services. The Blueprint team is entrepreneurial-minded and dedicated to delivering the ultimate learning experiences for partners across multiple channels. Our mission is to democratize scaled education for businesses big and small. If you have a passion for education and the development of training programs, enjoy leading next generation innovative online learning deliveries and want to join a fast-growing team as we embark on this journey, then this might be the team for you. Blueprint has three pillars: Online (eLearning: online courses and MOOC training), In-Person (Live and Spotlight: interactive in-person workshops), and Certification (proctored exams that test advanced- level competency in Facebook advertising). The Learning Scientist/Data Analyst role will be responsible for maintaining an analytical view across all of these pillars, defining overall data usage strategy, spotting and reporting on emerging audience trends and insights, visualizing it all through Tableau and other visualization solutions, and finally communicating these results back to the team and the larger organization. This role will also interface heavily with other Analytics and Product teams to drive experimentation and innovation within Blueprint's suite of platforms and surfaces. This role will sit within Blueprint's Products and Technology team, and report to the Global Products and Technology Lead. This role is based in Facebook's MPK office. RESPONSIBILITIES Apply your knowledge in quantitative analysis, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and help inform, influence, support, and execute our business decisions Work with internal teams to automate or streamline data collection processes Overseeing Data Operations: Evaluating and defining learning metrics Forecasting and planning Building and analyzing dashboards and reports Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics Responsible for quantifying current impact of Blueprint training and identifying opportunities to increase impact MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS in a field that emphasizes analyzing, displaying, or reporting on data (e.g., computer science, math, engineering, economics, statistics, psychology) 3+ years experience in a quantitative analytics role 3+ years experience with SQL 2+ years experience with Tableau Knowledge of statistical analysis, quantitative experience, and experience gathering and interpreting data and information Experience working independently and cross-functionally to drive multiple projects at the same time Organizational and communication experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Development experience in a scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.) Project management skills
Data Scientist: This is not a Lab Position. Up to 50% travel may be required depending on the project. LumenData is looking for a Data Scientist to lead client engagements. This will involve working directly with clients to understand business problems and available data, as well as building Predictive/Machine Learning models to help solve those problems. The ideal candidate would love this challenge, be comfortable engaging direclty with clients, explaining their work to business stakeholders, and dealing with real-world scenarios. These projects can range from optimizing e-commerce funnels to identifying machine failures in heavy industry. That’s what makes the Data Scientist role at LumenData so fun and exciting! _The successful candidate will be responsible for:_ Facilitating workshops with business stakeholders to identify customer needs, catalog available systems and data, and design predictive anlaytics solutions Data Integration from multiple sources, including SQL and NoSQL databases Designing and executing data experiments Visualizing data in a way that tells a story Feature Engineering on varied data sets Implementing Machine Learning/Predictive Analytics models Delivering production-ready Data Science projects that achieve customer sign-off _REQUIREMENTS: Technical_ Demonstrated ability to discuss in detail their work efforts related to real predictive business problems; Qualified candidates will have worked on 2 such problems for 2+ months each and be able to describe in detail their work from conception to realization; Undergraduate or advanced degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Engineering or a related field; Expert-level experience in either Python or R; Python is preferred, but superior R candidates also will be considered; Superior understanding of SQL and database modeling; Expertise in data visualization using tools such as Tableau. _REQUIREMENTS: Professional_ Exceptional written and verbal communication skills; Ability to take initiative and deliver tangible results under deadlines; Possess the curiosity and creativity necessary to generate quick, iterative, optimizing solutions in a wide range of industries and business domains, including anything from eCommerce to Telecommunications to Heavy Manufacturing and anything in between. _Some example Use Cases we are currently working on:_ eCommerce/Retail:Using Web events, CRM and DMP data for analysis in real time to derive deep insights around Shopper Personas, Cart / Reservation Abandonment probability, CLV and other propensities and to enable real time site personalization. Manufacturing: Classifying streaming machine data to enable powerful predictions on machine energy consumption, efficiencies, and fault tolerances. Preventive Maintenance: Using real time analysis of machine data to provide for the identification of discrete events, detection of anomalies, and the prediction of failures; thus enabling companies to take preventive measures in an optimized manner
 Data Scientist (Full Time) - United States: WHAT YOU’LL DO As a Data Scientist at Cisco you will interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports. You will review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems and maintain databases/data systems. You will be responsible for identifying, analyzing, and interpreting trends or patterns in complex data sets. You will also develop, prototype and test predictive algorithms and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality. TEAM DESCRIPTION Let's change the world together. At Cisco you will find a diverse group of people working on massive structured, unstructured, transactional and real- time data sets from a variety of sources. We work with multi-functional teams to analyze customer usage patterns and provide actionable, intuitive, impactful insights using metrics, algorithms, and statistics. You'll learn from industry professionals and we will value your ideas and perspective. QUALIFICATIONS You have recently graduated or on your final year of studies towards a BS, MS or MBA or equivalent in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Information Management, Statistics or a related field You have a GPA of 3.0 or higher You know how to work a problem from beginning to end with data science tools and techniques, including data manipulation (SQL, Hadoop, etc.) and programming (R, Python, XML, Javascript, or ETL) frameworks You have experience with Oracle databases, strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), and are knowledgable of statistics for analyzing large datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc). You possess technical knowledge regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques You possess strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy You are proficient in queries, report writing and presenting findings WHY CISCO At Cisco, each person brings their own unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. \- We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. \- We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco UNIVSALESJOBS SALES SERVICES GBS ENGINEERING CISCOSALESSTART @WEARECISCO
IT Data Scientist - Grid Analytics Intern: Learn IBM Spectrum LSF Analytics and the engineering design grid at Qorvo and the Vertica database. The intern will be exposed to the goals of the engineering grid and develop data science driven insights into optimization of the design workload. Develop insights for the future grid configuration through understanding the database schema and developing new views of the data either in Tableau or with Python scripting and simple web based reporting. Incorporate costs into the analysis such that decisions might be made around on premise and cloud based grids. Document and report on findings. QUALIFICATIONS: Currently enrolled in BSCS or Data Science program. Student must have good working knowledge of Python, excellent ability to work with databases, and a strong desire to fish for data. Self-Starter with good communication skills. Must have a 3.0 GPA or higher. NOTE: Because this is a student internship, candidate must be a currently enrolled student in a degree-seeking accredited program. Please Note : Because this position is part of a business unit that has contracts with the US government, qualified candidates must have US Worker status. This usually means they are a US citizen or hold a green card. Students on visas such as F-1 or J-1 do not qualify. If you hold one of these visas, we encourage you to apply to any of our other qualifying positions.
 Data Scientist: Requisition ID: 191683 Work Area: Software-Design and Development Expected Travel: 0% Career Status: Professional Employment Type: Regular Full Time Original Posting Date: July 31, 2018 COMPANY DESCRIPTION SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures. SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives. Location: Palo Alto, CA Purpose and Objective: SAP Labs, LLC seeks a Data Scientist at our Palo Alto, CA office location to work in customer projects execute the mathematical modeling of our customers' business problems, develop algorithms, data mining flows and applications to solve these problems, and help our customers directly to understand and implement the results of the analysis. Expectations and Tasks: Work directly with industry experts and technology experts to translate our customers' business needs into mathematical models and present and deliver a solution to the client. Work in development integrate or implement data mining/ mathematical methods into products. Responsible for evaluating and testing data mining methods and maintain a high level of quality. Work closely with the senior data scientist to prototype new innovations and eventually get them into the product. Contribute to data definitions, data storage infrastructure for data mining purposes and to Data Mining architectures. Resolve data mining performance issues and monitors data mining system performance and implement efficiency improvements. Implement data mining algorithms if required. Work closely with product management, application developers, information developers and end users. Work in research projects perform functional and empirical analysis on data mining topics. Conduct research on data mining tools and algorithms, implement prototypes and data mining algorithms and validates them on real data. Contribute to best practices for data mining topics and collaborates with development, universities and research institutes. Education and Qualifications/Skills and Competencies: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Data Science, Analytics or related field of study and 5 years of experience required. The company will also accept a Master's degree and 2 years of experience. Work Experience: Experience must involve two years in the following: Develop state-of-the-art enterprise solutions leverage learning and machine learning; Data-driven, full-stack software product engineering; Develop machine learning models at an enterprise scale; Translate recent progress in research and academia in the area of Machine Learning into enterprise software solutions; Data mining and feature engineering for customer data; Optimization of business processes and decisions by leveraging machine learning. Development of big data visualizations; Backend and frontend integration of cloud software solutions. Travel: 0% WHAT YOU GET FROM US Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now. SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company. SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor. Additional Locations:
Data Scientist I: Date Opened: 2018-04-26 Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets. We are EA And we make games – how cool is that? In fact, we entertain millions of people across the globe with the most amazing and immersive interactive software in the industry. But making games is hard work. That’s why we employ the most creative, passionate people in the industry. The Challenge Ahead The EA Digital Platform team designs and operates an industry leading service platform that provides hundreds of millions of gamers with personalized experiences — registration, login, account security, offer catalog, checkout, fraud prevention, billing & payments, entitlement & DRM services, subscription management, and transactional messaging. Our games are played everywhere in the world and on any kind of gaming device (PC, web, console, mobile, smart TV’s) and support a wide range of business models (digital downloads, premium content, free to play, subscriptions). We are looking for a Data Scientist to work in the Business Operations team that manages fraud operations and payment operations for the platform. Your primary focus will be to analyze our user account and customer behavior, extract key trends, opportunities and identify risks using statistical data. You will also partner with Product Management, Engineering and Fraud Operations to produce reports, analyze KPI-s and identify and clarify product requirements. Responsibilities : Analyze large data sets to identify behavior trends among users using quantitative, statistical and machine learning techniques. Drive analysis and insight to help build predictive models, tools and processes to address fraudulent account creation, account compromise and other account related activities. Collaborate with Product Management, Engineering and Fraud Operations on operational performance analysis, product requirements, monitoring and launch support. Build dashboards, reports and KPI-s on EA user accounts and their activity. Manage and own platform user data and act as subject matter expert on relevant KPI-s. Respond to operational needs by providing analytical support. Job Requirements: Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment with ability to multi-task. Strong problem solving aptitude. Results-driven and highly quantitative. True passion for understanding customer behavior on-platform and in-game. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Skills and Experience: 2+ years in business or data analysis with experience from identity, e-commerce, online payments, fraud/risk management or gaming industry. Master’s degree required in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science. Strong analytical skills including the ability to interpret and manipulate large structured data, develop recommendations and analysis. Proficiency with SQL, tools such as Tableau, and other statistical/reporting packages. Proficiency with one of coding language, such as Python or Java. Spark experience is a plus. Self-motivated, work well both independently and as part of an agile team. What’s in it for you? Glad you asked! We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k with company match and, of course, free video games. And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world- class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off of creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the “work hard/play hard” credo every day. EA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.
Principle Data Scientist I: Position Summary: Principal Data Scientists within RSS helps drive forward R&D activity by providing a deep level of insight into experimental data, its interpretation and implications for project development efforts. Principal data scientists combine a number of skills from different domains to organize, process, and learn from data, often through the lens of domain-expert informed models that help to abstract concepts from the data, test their validity and make predictions. The principal data scientist must then synthesize insights from this data and communicate it to internal customers in a way that is both approachable and informative. Given a need for routine analysis by internal customers following a pilot study by the data scientist, the principal data scientist then integrates the necessary analytical or inferential routines into a pipeline through a collaborate software engineering effort, resulting in a validated internal software product that may be used regularly by experimentalist to track their research effort's progress. The principal data scientist may also have scientific expertise in the field of study, often to great advantage for the purpose of this role, though not necessarily at the level of the experimental scientist / customer. Alternatively, the principle data scientist may have little or no scientific expertise in that particular domain but bring an extremely advanced set of skills in the areas of machine learning, deep learning, statistical modeling, signal processing, data engineering, software engineering etc., such that they are generally advantageous members of a project or subproject team regardless of the scientific domain of the problem. Finally, in some cases, a principal data scientist may be even more specialized with regards to the research, development, or correct implementation of the most advanced versions of the skills and technical approaches in the areas formerly listed, that his/her role requires little or no interaction with experimental groups and is instead focused entirely on advancing the core competencies, tools sets, infrastructures, and processes within the data science organization(s) of RSS. Responsibilities Include: Research, design, implement and evaluate machine learning algorithms and statistical models for signal processing and/or bioinformatics applications. Generate internal implementations to achieve results on Roche applications Work closely with software engineering teams to drive scalable, production-ready implementations Collaborate with teams across the company and serve as an internal expert on technical issues Document technical work as part of the product development process. Support patent application and scientific paper publishing process Contribute to our evolving cloud infrastructure, data engineering pipeline, and analysis stack Identify technical challenges, define requirements and prioritize efforts Assist with defining requirements and architectures for next-generation machine learning / statistical analysis products Contribute to scientific software engineering efforts, utilizing professional coding standards and participating in reviewing PRs Minimum Qualifications: PhD in Bioinformatics, Computer Science, Engineering, Computational Biology, Physics and 0 to 2 years of relevant experience OR Master's degree (related degree above) and 3 years+ relevant work experience. Previous experience in Biotech or Life Science related field required. Genetics or Genomics work experience is highly preferred. Advanced understanding of scientific process and analysis of empirical data. Demonstrated ability to design experimental analyses which result in meaningful conclusions. Additionally, demonstrated ability to work with experimentalists when planning physical experimental design. Working knowledge of linear algebra, differential equations, calculus and/or discrete math. Probability distributions, classical hypothesis testing, regression. Bayesian concepts: conditional probabilities, priors, posteriors, maximum likelihood estimators. Ability to correctly apply probability theory/statistics across multiple domains with little or no guidance. Assist and mentor data scientists on nuances of applied statistical analysis particularly with regards to challenging problems. Machine Learning: classification, regression, clustering; Demonstrated ability to apply deep learning approaches to categories of machine learning problems. Algorithms: Fundamental data types (stacks, queues, etc.); Sorting algorithms (quicksort, mergesort, etc.); Graph traversal; Dynamic programming Strong communication skills and collaborative nature Proficiency with programming languages such as: R, Python, C++, or Java. Proficiency in ML/scientific computing libraries. Ideally some background with OOP design Familiarity with collaborative software engineering practices, including version control, code reviews, etc Ability to architect and implement machine learning or data science solutions with specific skills mentioned in rows above; Strong foundation in machine learning, mathematics, statistics, with demonstrated professional or academic experience Travel Requirements: Less than 5% Roche is an equal opportunity employer. Research & Development, Research & Development > Modelling & Simulation
Data Scientist, Degrees: Coursera is scaling a global platform to provide universal access to the world’s best education, and we’re motivated by the passion and mission to transform lives through learning. Our platform has reached over 30 million learners worldwide and we have partnered with 150+ elite universities around the globe with over 2,000 courses in our catalog. We offer Courses, Specializations, Certificates, and Degrees to meet the needs and goals of the diverse learners who come to Coursera. In 2016, we began offering fully accredited online Masters degrees which provide a more convenient, lower-cost, “stackable” means of earning credentials identical to their traditional on-campus counterparts. We also launched Coursera for Business, partnering with enterprise companies around the world to provide access to curated skill development for their employees. The Data Science team owns the quantitative measurement, experimentation, and inference that informs Coursera's product and business direction; builds the statistical models and machine learning algorithms that power content discovery and an engaging, scalable learning experience; and empowers partners and enterprise customers with on-platform analytics and direct data access. We’re looking for a talented, creative, and driven data scientist with a sharp eye for UX design, strong algorithmic and analytic skills, and an interest in expanding the reach and quality of online education. Our ideal candidate is an independent, analytically-minded individual with strong analysis and statistical modeling skills, who shares our passion for education. Your responsibilities: Modeling user behavior to identify and prioritize product and business opportunities to drive growth of degrees Building predictive models to identify and nurture potential degree learners Designing, testing, and implementing high leverage degree growth interventions Working cross-functionally with engineers, designers, and product managers on our core degree products Background in applied math, computer science, statistics, or related technical field, and 2+ years of industry experience Strong skills in applied statistics, data visualization, and predictive modeling Strong product intuition and cross-functional communication skills Proficient with at least one scripting language (e.g. Python) Proficient with at least one statistical software package (e.g. R, NumPy/SciPy/Pandas) Proficient with relational databases and SQL Excellent communication and project management skills If this opportunity interests you, you might like these courses on Coursera: Applied Data Science Specialization Applied Data Science with Python Specialization
Data Scientist: Snowflake’s mission is to enable every organization to be data-driven with instant elasticity, secure data sharing and per-second pricing, across multiple clouds. Snowflake combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. In this role you will work closely with Product Managers, Analysts, and Engineers to help build data products that inform customers how to optimize their use of Snowflake. You will uncover insights about how customers use Snowflake. And you will work on research projects to help drive our long-run Product strategy. As a Data Scientist, you will: Sleuth through large amounts of data to uncover feature-usage patterns, potential performance enhancements, and areas to improve user experience. Build data products that help inform our customers how to optimize their use of Snowflake. Identify and build solutions for operational use cases—e.g., system monitoring and alerting, outlier detection, etc. Help design and execute experiments and A/B tests. Use data to make recommendations on how to improve our self-service experience. Think creatively to find optimal solutions to our complex, typically unstructured problems. Our Ideal Candidate will have: 5+ years of experience working as a Data Scientist. 3+ years of experience working with truly large-scale data. Advanced SQL skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Expert-level abilities building and deploying unsupervised, semi-supervised, and supervised models on large-scale data (in that order of importance). A fluidity with tools commonly used for data analysis such as Python (numpy, pandas, and scikit learn), R, and Spark (MLlib). Experience with time-series forecasting. Experience building and deploying production-grade models in a real-time setting. Experience with a compiled programming language, preferably something that runs on the JVM. Experience with MPP databases, such as Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery, Vertica, etc. Familiarity with data visualization tools/frameworks as well as notebooks. A degree of comfort at the command line. That means a thorough understanding of basic file-system commands, as well as the ability to ssh into remote machines and troubleshoot without a GUI, grep through logs, and deploy scripts and applications. Familiarity with Git and/or SVN. The ability to thrive in a dynamic environment. That means being flexible and willing to jump in and do whatever it takes to be successful. Please show us what you’ve built by including a link to your Github profile. LI-SG1 About Snowflake Snowflake Computing, the cloud data warehousing company, has reinvented the data warehouse for the cloud and today’s data. The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse is built from the cloud up with a patent-pending new architecture that delivers the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud – at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake can be found online at snowflake.net. Snowflake has been voted as one of the Bay Area Best Places to Work in 2015, 2016, and 2017. We are a place where people work effectively with the same values and vision. We focus on doing what is right for our customers, shareholders, and employees. We create great products, individually and as a team. Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
 Data Scientist - eDiscovery: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, a perfectionist mentality, and will have excellent communication skills. You are focused on accuracy, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive understanding and to influence business decisions. This position is based full-time in our Menlo Park, CA office. RESPONSIBILITIES Pull ad hoc data from products across our entire company (Search, messages, Instagram, ads etc.) for use in legal matters Automate analyses and author pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL framework Build dashboards to bring your pipelines to life for non-technical partners Stay up to date on new structured data sources within the Company as they are developed and help non-technical partners understand the use and content of these sources Create and maintain internal documentation on pipelines, tools, data sets This is a highly collaborative and cross-functional role: Partner with lawyers across the Legal department to understand their data needs Partner with economic consultants to develop product and financial models Partner with data science teams to ensure accuracy of analyses Partner with infrastructure and data engineers to manage large data sets effectively MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 5+ years experience doing quantitative analysis SQL, Excel, and data analysis experience Python scripting experience Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop) Experience with Unix/Linux Experience initiating and driving projects to completion with minimal guidance Experience working cross-functionally and communicating technical content to audiences PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS MBA or Masters in a technical discipline PHP scripting experience Experience working with non-technical partners
Senior Data Scientist: Los Gatos, California Science and Analytics Netflix is the world’s leading internet television service, with more than 125 million members watching over 140 million hours of content every single day. On the internet, those hours translate to tens of terabits per second flowing out of Open Connect, our distributed global content delivery network (CDN) serving 100% of Netflix video, over one-third of downstream internet traffic at primetime in North America. Our Science and Analytics team is responsible for building models and algorithms to power this system. Our work intersects user behavior, streaming technology, optimization and network science. Our goal is constantly improving the quality of the Netflix streaming video experience for our members. You’re passionate about Creatively framing complex business problems as statistical and mathematical models Communicating technical topics to broad audiences Balancing complexity with practicality Fully owning projects and partnerships Learning new domains and statistical techniques How you’ll help Model, predict and analyze the performance of our content delivery network Partner closely and multi-functionally with software engineering teams, data engineers and analysts to drive high-impact results Example projects: predicting demand for new types of content (mobile-optimized, 4K), improving content pre-positioning algorithms by predicting local demand for video streams and optimizing caching algorithms for efficient use of hardware Netflix Culture Netflix's culture is a big part of what makes us successful. We are an equal opportunity employer and celebrate diversity, recognizing that diversity of thought and background builds stronger teams. We approach diversity and inclusion seriously and thoughtfully. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 Data Scientist: What You'll Do The Cisco Supply Chain Analytics team is looking for a full-stack Data Scientist. You will help Cisco Supply Chain define future roles as you drive automated and orchestrated solutions across one of the largest supply chains in the world. You will help supply chain leaders make decisions wisely, while taking into account inventory levels, manufacturing capacity, quality and delivery commitments, to increase customer sentiment, improve product margins, and optimize our supply chain design. Cisco's rich data landscape is an incredible playground for Data Scientists. Who You'll Work With You will work in cross-functional teams with senior leadership, engineers, analysts, and product owners to define problems, scope projects, and deliver intelligent data solutions. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the latest technologies, work on the most transformative projects, and join a select Data Science team passionate about data-driven decisions, applying technology and continuous learning. Who You Are You have experience communicating with diverse teams including data scientists, engineers, product managers, and executives as well as a proven track record of accomplishment of delivering high quality analytics insights and solutions. You are experienced in datasets to include; document, graph, log data, and semi-structured data. We are looking for strengths in Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Data Mining, Network Optimization and Natural Language Processing techniques. You also have experience using machine- learning techniques and advanced analytics (e.g. clustering, regression, classification, decision trees, and time series). Your responsibilities will be to: Provide analytical leadership deploying data products, lead training, and cultivate the data science community across Cisco’s global supply chain (+2000 employees) Partner and lead cross-functional teams to identify productivity opportunities across Quality, Delivery and Cost teams Lead portfolio of predictive analytical projects supporting Inventory Management, Manufacturing, Fulfillment, and Logistics Operations Lead hands-on whiteboard sessions designing analytical approaches, running experiments and assessing model performance against stated business objectives Mentor and lead data scientist team to define, train, test and deploy algorithms into production environments Our minimum qualifications for this role are: 5 years of industry experiences developing data products and deploying in global environments Graduate degrees preferred in quantitative discipline: computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, operations research, management of information systems, engineering, economics, social sciences or equivalent Demonstrable proficiency in coding (Python or R preferred) and passion to build Advanced SQL skills – comfortable with very large data sets Experience in Hadoop or other MapReduce paradigms and associated languages such as Pig and Hive Experience with NoSQL technologies, specifically Document (MongoDB) and Graph (Neo4j) types History of applied data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling to solve business problem and delivered results Self-driven individual, demonstrating continuous learning and creativity, and is naturally collaborative Why Cisco We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco. LI-AG1 dicecorp
 Staff Experimentation Data Scientist: Overview Seeking a Staff Experimentation Data Scientist to join Intuit’s Experimentation Center of Excellence (COE) for Small Business Self-Employed Group (SBSEG). We are looking for a creative problem solver with a passion for delivering data-driven insights, a deep knowledge of Testing and Experimentation to optimize SBSEG’s digital experiences. Responsibilities In this role you will drive experimentation process improvement and automation to dramatically transform the way in which we allocate customers to experiments and manage delivery of experiments that drive decision making. Responsibilities: Work closely with the Embedded Data Scientists/Analysts to set up, maintain and optimize performance analysis of our various in-market experiments Provide test requesters with testing methodology and frameworks to create and monitor tests over time Work with experimentation tools team to improve & enhance tool capabilities Develop traffic forecasts and size opportunities based on constraints and interpretation of data findings Define, implement and standardize metrics, reports and dashboards leveraging Tableau or other data visualization tools Deliver key metrics, reports, dashboards and ad-hoc analyses with interpretation, contributing to the development of hypotheses and actions Work with Marketing and Product Managers to develop learning plans with recommendations of analytics approaches to address questions or validate hypotheses Generate follow-up questions with stakeholders, refine data findings and interpret results to drive data-based insights Collaborate with internal and external partners to assist with data collection and reporting Qualifications 7-10 years of experience in decision support and site optimization for an online/e-commerce business Deep knowledge of testing and web analytics Confident applying appropriate analysis methods of causal inference in both experimental and non-experimental situations Subject matter expertise with clickstream data, SQL & Hive is a must Understanding of complex web ecosystems, best practices and ability to put this knowledge into action Ability to tell stories with data, educate effectively, and instill confidence, motivating stakeholders to act on recommendations Excellent problem solving skills and end to end quantitative thinking Outstanding communications skills with both technical and non-technical colleagues. Experience with Tableau or another reporting solution a plus Master’s or PhD in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, or computer science
 Data Scientist - Alexa Language Technologies: Job Description Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of products. Since then, we have produced groundbreaking devices like Fire tablets, Fire TV, and Amazon Echo. What will you help us create? The Role: We’re looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive Data Scientist to help build industry-leading intelligent Alexa-enabled products that customers love. Our mission is to leverage Data Science, in order to reduce users’ cognitive load, reduce friction in their day-to-day activities and ultimately, inspire our customers by enabling serendipitous discovery of experience. You will be responsible for data-driven improvements to our spoken language understanding models. You will be working with a unique and gifted team of engineers and scientists engaged in a fast-paced mission to conceive and deliver new products. Key Responsibilities Apply Statistical and Machine Learning methods to specific business problems and data Ensure data quality throughout all stages of acquisition and processing, including such areas as data sourcing/collection, ground truth generation, normalization, transformation, cross-lingual alignment/mapping, etc. Design, develop, evaluate, and release highly innovative models elevate the customer experience and track impact over time Collaborate with colleagues from multidisciplinary science, engineering and business backgrounds. Work with engineers to develop efficient data querying and modeling infrastructure for both offline and online use cases Manage your own process: identify and execute on high impact projects, triage external requests, and make sure you bring projects to conclusion in time for the results to be useful Communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions Basic Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Math, Finance, Statistics, Engineering or related discipline Experience with Python, R, or other statistics/machine learning packages 3+ years experience as a business analyst, data scientist or similar job function 1+ years of relevant experience building statistical models and machine learning. Experience developing experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes Experience using baselines to accurately determine cause and effect relations Preferred Qualifications Advanced degree in Math, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline Demonstrated ability to frame complex analytical problems and extract insights that led to tangible business results High-level knowledge of various machine learning techniques and key parameters that affect their performance Fluency in a foreign language The motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment. Strong attention to detail Exceptional level of organization Ability to think creatively and solve problems _Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation_
 Data Analyst - Scientist - Analytics & Strategy: Job Description Position Description/Overview: Ford Motor Company's Global Data, Insight, and Analytics (GDIA) organization is looking for a data analytic professional who has a deep business understanding. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the most talented and brightest data experts on global subject matters transforming the automobile industry. The role spans the full lifecycle from development of business capabilities using data, defining analytic questions through data gathering, analysis, reporting, and visualization development. This role will include coordination with developers, business and stakeholders. It would involve operational deployment, testing and support iterations. The incumbent must be able to work with business users to understand the business goals and illicit requirements, translate those into technical designs, coordinate with multiple source data owners to provide scalable solutions. It would include user interfaces and end user reporting and analytical reports or possible self-servicing interfaces. This role requires a detail oriented, creative technologist, comfortable working in a highly collaborative, entrepreneurial environment, able to work with a variety of customers, multitask, manage, and prioritize competing customer demands, while incrementally building an integrated reporting and analytics self-service platform end state vision. Responsibilities: Acting as an internal consultant across all of our business units, this position will involve leading and delivering solutions Expertise to manipulate data to form unified data sets for analysis Strong visualization skills (understanding of appropriate visualization techniques based on the data set) Ability to understand how to ingest large data sets from a variety of sources (SQL, Teradata, Oracle, Hadoop, Alteryx, QlikView etc.) Communicate findings to make data analysis actionable and understandable by business partners Analytic capabilities with understanding of: correlation, optimization, clustering, and time series analysis) Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create an implement an action plan Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction for different users Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or similar STEM field 3+ years of hands-on quantitative modeling skills 3+ years’ experience with SQL, JAVA, SCALA, Hadoop, Python, or Spark/PySpark 2+ years of experience in a consultative role Preferred Qualifications: Masters in Bachelor's in Business, Computer Science, Mathematics, Science, or Statistics 1+ year experience in automotive industry 3+ years of experience working with descriptive analytics Self-starter, high level of initiative, detail-oriented and ability to multi-task Strong collaboration and communications skills Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills Strong interpersonal skills and leadership behaviors Successful candidate must be able to demonstrate leadership behaviors combined with outstanding interpersonal, teambuilding, and communication skills The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
Data Scientist: Job Description Position Overview/Description: Data Scientist positions discover and curate new and existing data sources to create solutions for the business. These key positions help bring data to life to solve business problems. At times, the problem is identified by a business unit, frequently wishing to optimize cost, revenue, or improve quality, and at times problems are formulated by the Data Scientists. Solutions are then envisioned that harness internal and external data and through visualizations, predictive analytics, and at time prescriptive methods, provide the ability for users to answer their key questions. Responsibilities: Team supports all enterprise units including Business Units and Skill Teams Designing visual interface for users to interact with the data; Building visualizations Problem formulation and design of solution Harvesting of data from multiple systems globally Collaborating with Analytics and IT teams to transforming the data for use in modeling and visualizations Identify relationships in data to assist in providing insights Evaluation of data accuracy, completeness, timeliness and stability to establish repeatable, sustainable processes to maintain Working with business on change management, including new process implementations Job Requirements Basic Qualifications : Bachelor’s degree 1+ years of experience with one or more of the following tools: Data Gathering skills/tools (e.g. SQL, Hadoop, Teradata, SAS, Business Objects, etc.) OR Visualization skills/tools (e.g. QlikView, Tableau, WebFocus, etc.) Preferred Qualifications: Master’s degree with a strong background in data science Strong collaboration and communications skills Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills Experience communicating findings to make data analysis actionable and understandable by business partners Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create an implement an action plan Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always to go further. Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at time of hire. Visa Sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
 Supply Chain Data Scientist: Job Description Job description: (Supply Chain Data Scientist) positions offered by Ford Motor Company (Dearborn, MI). As part of Ford Motor Company's Global Data, Insight, and Analytics (GDIA) organization, collaborate with partners in product development, purchasing, warranty, material planning and logistics to define problems, identify data, establish predictive and prescriptive models, and deliver optimal solutions. Support the development and delivery of analytic models, and acquire deep understanding of business problems and translate them into appropriate mathematical representations. Encode mathematical abstractions into prototype computer programs or models. Ensure overall quality of the data and solutions throughout the analytic development process. Interpret results and communicate them to technical and non-technical audiences, cross-functional teams and executive leadership. Minimum Requirements: Requires a PhD or foreign equivalent degree in mechanical engineering, industrial engineering, operations research, statistics or related quantitative field 2 years of experience in the position offered or 2 years of experience using mathematical programming, optimization techniques, data mining, or statistical analysis 2 years of experience using analytic languages and frameworks, including Python, MATLAB, SAS, R, CPLEX or Java 1 year of experience using database query and management tools, including SQL and Alteryx The distance between imagination and …. Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. At Ford Motor Company, the distance between you and an amazing career has never been shorter. Join the Ford team today, and discover the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. Ford Motor Company also is committed to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment such persons.
Data Scientist: Analytics - Detroit (HQ) Overview At HelloWorld, we are committed to creating and deploying best-in-class loyalty programs and promotions for our clients. We are seeking a key team member to support growth in analytics, insights and data-driven offering. This team member will be an experienced data scientist with machine learning and "big data" experience and a stellar track record of providing data-driven insights and solutions from the data. The winning candidate will be driven, self-directed, possess a passion for exploring the whys and what-ifs and an ability to translate these into recommendations that optimize program performance. Technical aptitude and familiarity with common data mining and statistical applications are important for this position. The candidate should also be an effective communicator capable of independently driving issues to resolution and communicating insights to non-technical audiences. Description and Responsibilities Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques. Deliver actionable insights on ambiguous projects with multiple stakeholders, unclear requirements and often incomplete data. Develop and implement measurement plans to address specific business questions with high quality, defensible data analytics. Derive actionable insights, build predictive models and/or construct addressable segments from individual- and event-level behavior data using advanced statistics and machine learning. Integrate data from multiple platforms and applications to provide holistic insights and cross-platform actionabilty. Design, implement, and analyze experiments to provide causal analysis. Present findings and recommendations to key decision makers and influencers at various seniority levels within HelloWorld and client firms. Integrate with other functional teams to create cross-functional solutions that leverage data and insights. Influence stakeholders through effective storytelling with data, using clear visualizations, and other influencing tools, underscored by robust and defensible data analysis. Job Specifications and Competencies 5+ years of industry experience solving business problems using quantitative analytical methods. Master's degree in a quantitative STEM field such as mathematics, sciences, operations research, engineering with an emphasis on scientific methodologies. Experienced and proficient querying, dimensioning and reducing both structured and unstructured data using SQL, Python, R, or related querying/scripting language or statistical software. Preference for experience with multiple tools. Experience with predictive modeling techniques and machine learning – K means clustering, logistic and linear regression, structural equation modeling, Strong experimental design skills, including an ability to construct and execute proper controls. Experience articulating business questions and using quantitative techniques to arrive at a solution using available data. Sophisticated and innovative application of quantitative methods to solve prediction and insights challenges, often with imperfect data, Demonstrated experience processing, exploring, transforming, analyzing, and presenting insights from large quantities (Millions to Billions of rows) of data Strong business knowledge; experience in loyalty, retention or catalog marketing preferred. Ability to translate business challenges into analytical solutions –, acknowledge and address confounds or uncertainties, and choose best methods in light of these challenges. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to communicate technical findings to a non-technical business audience. Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
 Data Scientist: Overview At HelloWorld, we are committed to creating and deploying best-in-class loyalty programs and promotions for our clients. We are seeking a key team member to support growth in analytics, insights and data-driven offering. This team member will be an experienced data scientist with machine learning and "big data" experience and a stellar track record of providing data-driven insights and solutions from the data. The winning candidate will be driven, self-directed, possess a passion for exploring the whys and what-ifs and an ability to translate these into recommendations that optimize program performance. Technical aptitude and familiarity with common data mining and statistical applications are important for this position. The candidate should also be an effective communicator capable of independently driving issues to resolution and communicating insights to non-technical audiences. Description and Responsibilities Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniques. Deliver actionable insights on ambiguous projects with multiple stakeholders, unclear requirements and often incomplete data. Develop and implement measurement plans to address specific business questions with high quality, defensible data analytics. Derive actionable insights, build predictive models and/or construct addressable segments from individual- and event-level behavior data using advanced statistics and machine learning. Integrate data from multiple platforms and applications to provide holistic insights and cross-platform actionabilty. Design, implement, and analyze experiments to provide causal analysis. Present findings and recommendations to key decision makers and influencers at various seniority levels within HelloWorld and client firms. Integrate with other functional teams to create cross-functional solutions that leverage data and insights. Influence stakeholders through effective storytelling with data, using clear visualizations, and other influencing tools, underscored by robust and defensible data analysis. Job Specifications and Competencies 5+ years of industry experience solving business problems using quantitative analytical methods. Master's degree in a quantitative STEM field such as mathematics, sciences, operations research, engineering with an emphasis on scientific methodologies. Experienced and proficient querying, dimensioning and reducing both structured and unstructured data using SQL, Python, R, or related querying/scripting language or statistical software. Preference for experience with multiple tools. Experience with predictive modeling techniques and machine learning – K means clustering, logistic and linear regression, structural equation modeling, Strong experimental design skills, including an ability to construct and execute proper controls. Experience articulating business questions and using quantitative techniques to arrive at a solution using available data. Sophisticated and innovative application of quantitative methods to solve prediction and insights challenges, often with imperfect data, Demonstrated experience processing, exploring, transforming, analyzing, and presenting insights from large quantities (Millions to Billions of rows) of data Strong business knowledge; experience in loyalty, retention or catalog marketing preferred. Ability to translate business challenges into analytical solutions –, acknowledge and address confounds or uncertainties, and choose best methods in light of these challenges. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to communicate technical findings to a non-technical business audience. Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
Enterprise Analytics - Data Scientist: Job Description Job Description/Overview: The Global Data Insights and Analytics (GDI &A) Enterprise Analytics team supports analytical solutions and insights across the enterprise from Human Resources to General Auditors Office to Office of General Counsel and others. The Data Scientist discovers and curates new and existing data sources to create insight for the business. This is an exciting opportunity to utilize the latest tools and methods in Statistics, Big Data, and Data Science to a variety of business problems. The role will have an emphasis in GAO (General Auditors Office) projects by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve business controls, risk management, and governance processes. The GAO performs financial and operational audits of Company components that contribute to the efficiency and economy of Company operations. The goal is to be a trusted advisor to GAO and provide Data Science techniques and insights to support the development and implementation of the annual risk-based audit plan. The role spans the full lifecycle from analytic problem definition, through data gathering, analysis, reporting/visualization development, testing, and operational deployment. Responsibilities: Support the development and delivery of analytic and statistical models using skills such as data acquisition and management, algorithm design, and model development & refinement Acquire deep understanding of the business problems and translate them into appropriate statistical models Ensure overall quality of the data & solutions throughout the analytic development process Interpret results and communicate insights to technical and non-technical audiences including executive leadership Job Requirements Basic Qualifications: Master's degree in Statistics, Economics, Data Science, Computer Science or Mathematics 1+ years of experience in mathematical programming, data mining, and/or statistical analysis 1+ years of experience with one or more of the following tools: Data Gathering skills/tools (e.g. SQL, Hadoop, Teradata, SAS, Business Objects, etc.) and/or Visualization skills/tools (e.g. Qlikview, Tableau, WebFocus, etc.) Preferred Qualifications: 3+ years of experience in statistical or mathematic modeling Visualization software tools such as QlikView, tableau experience Large scale data manipulation and mining/pattern recognition experience Strong oral and written communication skills Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills Experience communicating findings to make data analysis actionable and understandable by business partners Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create and implement an action plan Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
Data Scientist - Corporate Finance: Job Description Ford Motor Company's Global Data, Insight, and Analytics (GDIA) organization is looking for a seasoned Finance professional that has a deep business understanding of data analytics or finance systems applications. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest global subject matter experts that are transforming the automobile industry. The role of the Data Operations Analyst - Finance is a critical enabler to the development of Ford’s Data Supply Chain. The Steward will contribute with that overall data standards, information interoperability, data quality, and data availability to fully support the goals of GDI &A. The Data Operations Analyst works closely together with GDI&A analytics Team, IT Data Supply Chain Team, Data Governance Team, the Finance SMEs, and the external solution partners to drive alignment and delivery of the Data Supply Chain and bring data up to quality required to deliver on the business objectives. This role requires a detail oriented, comfortable working in a highly collaborative, entrepreneurial environment, able to work with a variety of customers and manage and prioritize competing customer demands, while incrementally building an integrated reporting and analytics self-service platform end state vision. Responsibilities: Act as an internal consultant inside and outside of GDIA, this position will take a a supporting role delivering solutions Coordinate with the Business Partners and the Data Scientist on the type of data needed for analytical purposes Work with the Information Technology team on the understanding of the finance system applications, and facilitate the ingestion their data in the data warehouse Create Finance Analytical Objects (Financial Analytical Objects are models of customized data environments in Hadoop -Data Warehouse-, designed to facilitate access of the information, with the goal of supporting scalable growth, sustainability, and to accelerate delivery of business value). The Data Ops Finance Analyst has to work with the Finance and Accounting SMEs in the different areas of Finance and have a good understanding of the business, and the information flow Communicate the Finance Business knowledge within the GDIA, and support knowledge sharing on Finance Application and Financial Analytical Models Contribute with the efforts on Data Standards and Data Management Job Requirements Basic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Business, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Economics or equivalent experience in a relevant field 3+ years of progressive responsibilities in Finance or Accounting 2+ years of hands-on business reporting tools such as SQL, Business Objects, SAP, ESSBASE Preferred Qualifications: Master Degree (MBA, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance) Experience developing business solutions or launching finance system applications Highly motivated, self-starter, ability to work independently Strong communication and presentation skills Strong Leadership Skills High integrity with good interpersonal skills 2+ years of experience working with descriptive analytics tools like Alteryx, Informatica Ability to work in a dynamic environment Teaching and coaching skills Strong teamwork with a global perspective Successful candidate must be able to demonstrate leadership in leadership behaviors combined with outstanding interpersonal, team building, and communication skills. The distance between imagination and …. Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. At Ford Motor Company, the distance between you and an amazing career has never been shorter. Join the Ford team today, and discover the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. Ford Motor Company also is committed to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment such persons.
 Visual Data Scientist & Data Analyst: Position Description: The Visual Data Scientist & Data analyst positions discover and curate new and existing data sources to create solutions for the business. These key positions help bring data to life to solve business problems. At times, the problem is identified by a business unit, frequently wishing to optimize cost, revenue, or improve quality, and at times problems are formulated by the Data Scientists. Solutions are then envisioned that harness internal and external data and (in the case of the Visualization side) through advanced visualizations, provide the ability for users to answer their key questions. Supports all enterprise units including Business Units and Skill Teams Responsible for creating new data visualizations, including: Problem formulation and design of solution Harvesting of data from multiple systems globally Collaborating with Analytics and IT teams to transforming the data for use in modeling and visualizations Designing visual interface for users to interact with the data; Building visualizations Identify relationships in data to assist in providing insights Evaluation of data accuracy, completeness, timeliness and stability to establish repeatable, sustainable processes to maintain Data visualization team will train and deployment of the new tools. Requirements: Skills Required: 1+ years of experience with one or more of the following tools: Data Gathering skills/tools (e.g. SQL, Hadoop, Teradata, SAS, Business Objects, etc.) or Visualization skills/tools (e.g. QlikView, Tableau, WebFocus, etc.) Skills Preferred: Master's degree preferred with a strong background in data science Strong collaboration and communications skills Strong problem formulation and problem solving skills Experience communicating findings to make data analysis actionable and understandable by business partners Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create an implement an action plan Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems Strong capabilities at designing visual interface for data interaction Experience Required: 1+ year of experience or Masters Degree Education Required: Bachelor degree from accredited university Education Preferred: Masters degree from Data Science program
Data Scientist (ADAS, HAD, FAD, KERAS, Python, Robotics, AI): Requisition Id : 111704 Additional Work Location(s) : München, Germany Position: Data Scientist Experience: Relevant 3-8 Years Work Location: Munich, Germany (one year) - after that Novi, MI or Richardson, TX location Job Duties: He/She will be responsible for translating complex analytical concepts into actionable results for Harman clients. As a Data Scientist on the Predictive Analytics team, he/she will work with a world-class multidisciplinary team to deploy scalable predictive reasoning and Machine Learning algorithms, as well as extract / transform Big Data for the development of Deep Learning algorithms. Provide technical expertise and business consultative skills to address supervised and unsupervised learning problems in an applied automotive analytics environment. He/She will be involved in the development and execution of all analytical data sets and statistical analysis relating to client specific projects. He/She will also be directly responsible for preparing, analyzing and generating effective project results in an efficient and errorless manner using classical statistical techniques as well as advanced Machine Learning and Deep Learning tools, delivered on time and on budget. Manage local data science team giving daily direction and over-see team level project deliverables. Provide data/report support for complex Machine Learning and A.I. projects. Conceptualize Machine Learning problems, apply appropriate theory, explore approaches, simulate, and implement with minimal supervision. Define unstructured data needs, evaluate data quality, and extract/transform data for analytical projects and research as they apply to the automotive industry. Leverage R, Python, Hadoop, TensorFlow, KERAS, and OpenCV to create Machine Learning Algorithms. Produce appropriate and effective project deliverables including: sample diagnostics, customer profiles, complex queries, data mining, model algorithms, charts, model score distributions, etc., with some supervision and zero defect. Demonstrate a strong understanding of project scope, data extraction methodology, design of dependent and profile variables, logic and design of data cleaning, exploratory data analysis and statistical methods. Produce timely and error-free deliverables in an efficient manner, managing multiple tasks and varying project scopes. 50% travel within US to meet various Harman clients Requirements: Master’s Degree (or foreign equivalent) in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science Economics/Econometrics or a closely related education with 10+ years of experience in IT industry with a focus on Statistics or Analytics. Alternate: Bachelor's degree (or foreign equivalent) (or foreign equivalent) in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science Economics/Econometrics or a closely related education with 15+ years of experience in IT industry with a focus on Statistics or Analytics. Will also accept degree equivalent to Masters, issued by a certified credential evaluation agency. Experience working with unstructured data in the automotive domain including CANbus, Image processing, sensor fusion, and driver behavior modeling. Must have experience in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and advanced Predictive Modeling techniques. Statistical Model Development and deployment; Analytics (Predictive Analytics); Big Data; and High Performance Computing Strong Python, R skills, TensorFlow, KERAS, and OpenCV required. Scala is a plus. Must have a strong orientation to ADAS functionality and the underlying modeling techniques required for autonomous driving. Deep knowledge in Artificial Neural Networks and Computer Vision for solving problems associated with Autonomous Driving. HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automation solutions; and services supporting the Internet of Things. With leading brands including AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon®, Mark Levinson® and Revel®, HARMAN is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues where they perform around the world. More than 25 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and connected car systems. Our software services power billions of mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated and secure across all platforms, from work and home to car and mobile. HARMAN has a workforce of approximately 30,000 people across the Americas, Europe, and Asia. In March 2017, HARMAN became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued? Come see what you can achieve as a leader with HARMAN! (www.harman.com)
Data Scientists Analyst: Position Description: Develop data processes scripts Perform data analysis with existing and newly developed scripts. Requirements: Skills Required: Writing and executing Matlab scripts. Write algorithms for processing large data sets. Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel proficiency. Skills Preferred: Knowledge of high voltage battery systems and hybrid/electrical vehicle systems Experience Required: 3 or more months of prior product validation or development testing experience. Experience processing large data sets. Practical Knowledge of test planning, instrumentation, and setup Education Required: High school diploma and/or trade school degree. Education Preferred: Associates degree or higher.
Data Scientist - Individual Markets: Responsible for supporting the analytical needs of the Individual Business Unit (IBU) by developing predictive modeling applications. Mines business and enterprise data sources to develop statistical analysis of trends in historical data. Creates predictive models with applications in the individual health insurance industry. Performs analysis and reporting of relevant health care and member data. Trains and consults with others to increase the leverage of predictive analytics. Provides leadership to team in developing new models that will utilize cutting edge methodologies and algorithms. Serves as the liaison to enterprise advanced analytics initiatives and connect cross-functionally to leverage other analytics/data sources outside the segment. Works with IBU Informatics team to define data requirements for the IBU Operational Data Store (ODS) as well as connect new sources of data to better support analytics efforts. Other duties as assigned. Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in data science, predictive analytics, computer science, or statistics related field required. Master’s degree preferred. Four (4) years relevant business experience with a minimum of two (2) years experience in a predictive analytics or data science role. Expert knowledge of SAS. Experience working with various types of data such as SQL Server, Oracle, Hadoop, etc. Experience with machine learning and predictive algorithms. Experience working with R, Python or similar packages is preferred. OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES Excellent verbal and written communication skills to interact effectively with various levels of internal and external management. Strong analytical skills, demonstrated business acumen and ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts and recommend solutions. Proficient in current Microsoft office PC applications (Word, Excel, etc.) and relational database systems. Other related skills and/or abilities may be required to perform this job. _All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other grounds, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability._ Job Corporate Research & Strategy Primary Location Detroit Organization Individual Business-4103 Schedule Full-time
Data Scientist: POSITION PURPOSE Serves as a business intelligence consultant in analyzing data, particularly large sets of data, in order to assist Trinity Health with Population Health, Value Management and other strategic initiatives. Contributes and participates in projects with Data Governance, Data Warehouse and Advanced Analytics teams. Assists Trinity Health customers with various financial and clinical analyses and research, along with participating in various special projects. Develops an analytical skill set to solve multiple business problems, creating and implementing data driven strategies to support Population Health, Value Management and other key initiatives for Trinity Health. Position incumbents are expected to be comfortable working in the capacity of a software engineer and a quantitative researcher. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES Applies statistical techniques and quantitative methods in reviewing Trinity Health data, to develop scorecards, population health analyses, benchmarking studies, and other clinical and financial analyses. Utilizes regression analysis, decision trees, segmentation, and simulation in support of statistical analysis. Utilizes quantitative techniques and models to identify improvement opportunities and quality measures. Participates in System-wide complex projects and lead small projects as needed. Conducts benchmarking studies and other research and provides value added analyses and summaries. Assists in performing clinical analyses including quality measures, improvement of the care experience, etc. Assists in development of strategic and tactical conclusions from data review and analyses in order to make recommendations to senior leadership in an easy to understand communication format. Assists in the research of existing methods and new approaches for statistical and computational analysis and modeling of clinical and financial data. Participates in leveraging selection procedures to distill through large datasets in order to identify crucial pieces of information. Collaborates with members of various TIS teams, including Advanced Analytics, Data Warehouse Data Governance, and Clinical etc., to provide them with the results of data analyses. Executes recurring data mining and process activities that provide the foundation for key analytic capabilities. Assists in the translation of data mining activities into actionable business information. Participates in the development and implementation of sophisticated financial models. Builds strong relationships internally and collaborate effectively on cross- functional teams. Develops a trusted relationship with customer contacts through effective communication and efficient, quality execution of analyses and projects. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable Federal, State and local laws/regulations; the Trinity Health Integrity and Compliance Program and Code of Conduct; as well as other policies and procedures in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical and professional behavior. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or other technical concentration or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree in a relevant technical field preferred. Three (3) to five (5) years of experience in a relevant technical, analytical or statistical role. Some experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches. Familiarity manipulating and analyzing high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources. Strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data. Ability to provide a flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision. Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner, in a way that can be understood by customers. Familiarity with relational databases and SQL. Knowledge of an analysis tool such as R, Matlab, or SAS is desired. Experience working with large data sets, and/or experience working with distributed computing tools a plus (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.) is desired. Excellent Microsoft Office skills, particularly in Excel, well organized and detail oriented. Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to respond to all communications effectively and in a timely manner. Strong analytical and integrative skills including ability to formulate conclusions and identify trends from data in a logical and systematic manner. Ability to ask the right questions and seek help where appropriate. Flexibility and ability to diagnose and resolve issues; strong client service orientation. Leadership qualities preferred. Ability to work both independently and on client teams and enjoy a fast-paced environment. Self-starter and interest in continually challenging oneself and willingness to step outside of one’s comfort zone. Interest and ability to think beyond the task at hand and understand how one’s work fits into the broader landscape. PHYSICAL AND MENTAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORKING CONDITIONS Position operates in a typical office environment. The area is well-lit, temperature-controlled and free from hazards. Incumbent communicates frequently, in person and over the telephone, with people in a number of different locations on technical issues. Manual dexterity is needed in order to operate a keyboard. Hearing is needed for extensive telephone and in person communications. The environment in which the incumbent will work requires the ability to concentrate, meet deadlines, work on several projects at the same period and adapt to interruptions. The incumbent must be capable of traveling in the course of completing project assignments. Must be able to set and organize own work priorities, and adapt to them as they change frequently. Must be able to travel to the various Trinity Health sites as needed (may or may not apply).
 Machine Learning Data Scientist - Product Analytics: Job Description Job Description/Overview: The Global Data Insights and Analytics (GDI &A;) Product Analytics team supports Ford’s Product Development organization with analytical solutions. We are looking for a data scientist with expertise in Machine and Statistical Learning. As a member of this dynamic team, you will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest global subject matter experts in product development and vehicle connectivity who are transforming the automobile industry. We are seeking a Machine Learning scientist to assist in all phases of ongoing and future projects, including problem formulation, model development, and deployment for use in support of Ford Design, Product Development, and Connectivity initiatives. The job candidate should have great autonomy, exceptional collaboration skills, and self-discipline to conduct original research and choose appropriate methodologies to solve related problems. We are especially excited about candidates with a strong technical mindset who demonstrate a passion for learning and applying state-of-the-art solutions to novel and challenging problems. Ford GDI&A; – situated in greater Detroit, Palo Alto, Chennai, Europe, and China – is a growing team committed to enabling Ford to better understand business, know our customers, and act in a meaningful way. We enable evidence- based decision making by providing timely, actionable, and forward-looking insights to our Ford business partners. Together, our team works to understand our changing world, identify new opportunities, and take actions to design and innovate for the future of mobility – Ford’s vehicles and surrounding experiences. Responsibilities: Analyze source data and data flows, working with both structured and unstructured data Manipulate high-volume, high-dimensional data from a variety of sources to identify value-generating patterns, anomalies, relationships, and trends Collaborate with Product Development experts to understand their requirements and overall business needs Develop and apply Machine Learning solutions to address real-world automotive and mobility challenges Communicate and present model insights to business customers and executives Collaborate internally and externally to identify new and novel data sources and explore their potential use in developing actionable business results Explore emerging technologies and analytic solutions for use in quantitative model development Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: Master’s degree in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or Physics 2+ years of experience with Machine Learning methods and tools, including but not limited to: deep neural networks, linear and nonlinear regression, classification, tree-based models, and clustering 2+ years of experience in at least one of the following languages: Python, R, MATLAB, Java, C/C++/C, SAS Preferred Qualifications: PhD in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or Physics 2+ years of experience with SQL, Spark, OR Hadoop 1+ year of post-graduate work experience (in a business or post-doc setting) involving complex quantitative modeling and analysis in any of the areas mentioned under Basic Qualifications Demonstrated ability in the application of Machine Learning to real-world industrial settings with large scale data Experience with high-performance Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Theano, Caffe, Caffe2, or MXNet Experience with version control systems such as Git Strong oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills and an ability to work in a collaborative team setting Comfortable working in a fast-paced and innovative environment where problems are not always well-defined The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
Manager, Products - Data Scientist: The Manager, Products is responsible for collaborating with operations stakeholders and external clients to define and prioritize the Tessellate machine learning models and infrastructure vision and roadmap. This position combines expertise in the domain of mathematics, statistics and probability as well as data mining and high performance computing concepts as they apply to machine learning models. Additionally, this position focuses on applying the machine learning models to risk adjustment concepts and solutions while applying agile principles to deliver innovative product solutions. RESPONSIBILITIES/TASKS: Perform large scale data analysis and data mining to monitor new classifiers in production environments that drive product platform use Leads and drives product planning; oversees development and implementation. Establishes and maintains product portfolio and representation of the portfolio for sales, segment leadership, and the Product Community. Uses market research and user input to identify product gaps and opportunities to improve and optimize. Engages with sales, account management, internal operations, and key market stakeholders to define product needs and innovation opportunities. Develops pricing for each product; tracks and reports profitability margins at the product and customer level. Develops clear documentation, user manuals, training materials and business process flows that explain how our technical solutions and business processes are executed. Trains internal operations teams and external customers on solutions and business processes. Participates in development of annual departmental budget, monitors budget, and identifies budget discrepancies. Researches cause and makes recommendations. Responsible for balancing workload to optimize the effectiveness of the department. DIRECTION EXERCISED: Directly supervises exempt and non-exempt staff in accordance with company policies and applicable Federal and State Laws. Responsibilities include but are not limited to effectively interviewing, hiring, terminating, and training employees; planning, assigning and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and counseling employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems; supporting and encouraging the engagement process. SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES (SKA) REQUIRED: Strong mathematical, statistics and probability background Strong knowledge of machine learning models and how and where they are applicable. Strong knowledge of data analysis and data mining techniques. Knowledge of software engineering and programming skills (i.e. Python, Java etc.). Knowledge of risk adjustment processes and policies (i.e. Medicare, ACA and Medicaid risk adjustment) Ability to create business cases, taking into consideration market demand, competitive pricing, cost to build, and cost to operate. Ability to prioritize and organize effectively. Excellent story writing and story splitting skills. Critical thinking and analytical skills. Excellent communications skills. Working knowledge of Lean and Agile values, principles, and practices. Must have collaborative attitude and innovative mindset. Must demonstrate leadership ability and team building skills to effectively supervise professional and non-professional staff and interact with all levels of management. Ability to work with and empower others on a collaborative basis to ensure success of unit team. Ability to effectively exchange information, in verbal or written form, by sharing ideas, reporting facts and other information, responding to questions and employing active listening techniques. Ability to effectively present budgetary and/or cost information, and respond to questions as appropriate. Ability to establish workflows, manages multiple projects, and meets necessary deadlines.
 Operations Research Scientist / Data Scientist: Job Description Position Overview/Description: Ford Motor Company's Smart Mobility Analytics department is looking for motivated and talented individuals with a background in Operations Research and Analytics. This is an opportunity to apply the latest tools and methods in Optimization and Data Science to a variety of mobility opportunities at Ford. Recent projects in this group have led to the development of applications in the areas of transportation, city solutions, and connected vehicles. Responsibilities: Perform analytics and optimization work as a member of the Operations Research team in Smart Mobility Analytics. Develop optimization models to support Ford Smart Mobility. Knowledge in vehicle routing and logistics problems is a bonus. Translate high-level ideas into well-defined mathematical problems. Pinpoint which elements of sample datasets can be most effectively leveraged in optimization models and what potentially useful information may be missing. Design and implement heuristic algorithms for obtaining feasible solutions quickly. Develop and implement mixed integer programming formulations and computationally efficient methods for obtaining optimal or near-optimal solutions. Develop complete system designs that include data, pre-processing, optimization, post-processing and interfaces for user interaction. Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications: MS in Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field 1+ years of experience in mathematical programming, data mining, and/or statistical analysis 1+ of years of experience in developing prototype software applications using Java, Scala, C/C++, Python, R, or similar languages and frameworks Preferred Qualifications: 1+ years of experience in exact and heuristic algorithm development Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment where problems are not always well-defined Inquisitive, proactive, and interested in learning new tools and techniques Strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills Well-organized, independent and ready to work with minimal supervision Experience in API, software development, or cloud platform The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always to go further. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
 Data Scientist Engineer - FCA: Moving mobility forward We are Aptiv – a new technology company with a proven history of enabling mobility. Operating as Delphi, we pioneered advances in the industry. Now, as Aptiv, we’re more dedicated than ever to bringing the next generation of autonomous vehicles, smart cities and connectivity to life. Join our innovative team Want to do more than just imagine the ways our world will move tomorrow? Here’s your opportunity. Join the technology company that’s transforming the future of mobility today. About Aptiv Aptiv is a global technology company that develops safer, greener and more connected solutions, which enable the future of mobility. Headquartered in Dublin, Aptiv has 147,000 employees and operates 14 technical centers, as well as manufacturing sites and customer support centers in 45 countries. Visit aptiv.com. About Advanced Safety and User Experience Advanced Safety and User Experience encompasses our deep expertise in software, centralized computing platforms, advanced safety systems and automated driving focusing on five areas that are transforming mobility: Safety Electronics, Infotainment, User Experience, Autonomous Driving and Connectivity & Security. About this position We are currently looking for a Data Scientist Engineer to work in our Troy, MI location. Basic qualifications Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics 2+ years’ experience in statistical analysis, data mining, data management, and deep learning and / or other modern machine learning methods Nice to haves (preferred qualifications) Practical experience in data science, statistics and analysis of large data sets Experience using data modeling tools to visualize data Experience in vision processing algorithms Experience in autonomous driving field Traits we seek Curiously investigate everything – ability to solving problems analytically, creatively and collaboratively Lead with confidence – thought leaders who empower those around them Learn by doing – an entrepreneurial mindset that’s driven by hands-on experimentation Embrace resilience – seeing every challenge as a learning opportunity and invitation to grow Aptiv rewards and advantages Competitive compensation with bonus potential Competitive health benefits 401K with matching contribution Learning and development opportunities Discount programs with various manufacturers and retailers Recognition for innovation and excellence Opportunities to give back to the community Meaningful work that makes a difference in the world Relocation assistance (if applicable) Aptiv is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. RSR
Data Scientist Engineer: Moving mobility forward We are Aptiv – a new technology company with a proven history of enabling mobility. Operating as Delphi, we pioneered advances in the industry. Now, as Aptiv, we’re more dedicated than ever to bringing the next generation of autonomous vehicles, smart cities and connectivity to life. Join our innovative team Want to do more than just imagine the ways our world will move tomorrow? Here’s your opportunity. Join the technology company that’s transforming the future of mobility today. About Aptiv Aptiv is a global technology company that develops safer, greener and more connected solutions, which enable the future of mobility. Headquartered in Dublin, Aptiv has 147,000 employees and operates 14 technical centers, as well as manufacturing sites and customer support centers in 45 countries. Visit aptiv.com. About Advanced Safety and User Experience Advanced Safety and User Experience encompasses our deep expertise in software, centralized computing platforms, advanced safety systems and automated driving focusing on five areas that are transforming mobility: Safety Electronics, Infotainment, User Experience, Autonomous Driving and Connectivity & Security. About this position We are currently looking for a Data Scientist Engineer to work in our Troy, MI location. Basic qualifications Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics 2+ years’ experience in statistical analysis, data mining, data management, and deep learning and / or other modern machine learning methods Nice to haves (preferred qualifications) Practical experience in data science, statistics and analysis of large data sets Experience using data modeling tools to visualize data Experience in vision processing algorithms Experience in autonomous driving field Traits we seek Curiously investigate everything – ability to solving problems analytically, creatively and collaboratively Lead with confidence – thought leaders who empower those around them Learn by doing – an entrepreneurial mindset that’s driven by hands-on experimentation Embrace resilience – seeing every challenge as a learning opportunity and invitation to grow Aptiv rewards and advantages Competitive compensation with bonus potential Competitive health benefits 401K with matching contribution Learning and development opportunities Discount programs with various manufacturers and retailers Recognition for innovation and excellence Opportunities to give back to the community Meaningful work that makes a difference in the world Relocation assistance (if applicable) Aptiv is an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. RSR
 GDIA Data Operations Analyst: Job Description GDIA Data Operations Analyst Job description: GDIA Data Operations Analyst positions offered by Ford Motor Company (Dearborn, MI). Support data requirements of data scientists who are using analytics to achieve business outcomes including insights to accelerate our Connected Customer and Connected Vehicle initiatives. Provides data support including ingestion, standardization, mastering and assembly of data products for downstream applications. Implements computer databases and applies knowledge of databases. Minimum Requirements: Bachelor's or foreign equivalent degree in computer science, electronic engineering, or a related field 5 years of experience in the position offered or 5 years of experience running queries and compiling data for analytics 3 years of experience performing data design, data architecture and data modeling (both transactional and analytic) 3 years of experience using Big Data/NoSQL technologies including Greenplum and Hadoop 2 years of experience loading and manipulating files within HDF 1 year of experience building visualizations using Tableau or Qlikview The distance between imagination and …. Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. At Ford Motor Company, the distance between you and an amazing career has never been shorter. Join the Ford team today, and discover the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. Ford Motor Company also is committed to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment such persons.
 Senior Data Scientist: Are you someone who enjoys designing, developing and implementing business intelligence solutions, then look no further than P3! As a global consulting, management and engineering services company, we develop and implement innovative solutions to today’s complex technology challenges and industry changes that help our clients succeed at every stage. As a Data Scientist, you will work closely with our clients to help them solve complex problems by analyzing terabytes of data. By taking initiative, you will help drive technical prototypes and proofs of concept. This will include understanding current client needs, identifying modeling/algorithm solutions, creating applicable data science solutions around customer outcomes and delivering value back to our clients. _A Day in the Life:_ Work with senior management to define and implement machine learning solutions or advanced analytics use cases for Fortune 500 clients Always curious about data, constantly asking questions about extracting key insights to understand the domain Manage data received from multiple sources and cleanse data as needed Integrate data from multiple sources and develop data storage solutions Develop data analytics model for descriptive and predictive analytics using client provided data Manage the data quality feedback loop so that all issues are corrected in a timely manner Create visualization dashboards to draw insights and recommendations for clients _What You Have:_ Master’s or Ph.D. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field is preferred 3+ years of software experience with R and/or Python Solid understanding of machine learning/deep learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, LSTM, Feed-forward neural networks…etc. Able to apply statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression…etc. into understanding key features of the data In-depth experience with data cleaning/processing techniques via R or Python 2+ years of Data Analytics or IT implementation project experience is required 2+ years of experience using data platforms such as cloud and “on-prem” solutions Experience with data visualization (Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview, etc.) and ETL solutions/software (SQL, RDBMS, Cloudera, Mongo DB, etc.) Previous client facing project experience is a must Strong communication skills with the ability to initiate high level discussions with the client _What you might also need:_ (optional/if applicable) Automotive IoT architecture and solution experience An entrepreneurial mindset and has the ability to work independently or within a team The ability to think critically and understand complex processes
Analyst/Data Scientist: MSX International is currently seeking an Analyst/Data Scientist to assist in all levels of problem formulation, model development, evaluation, and deployment. The successful candidate must have the following skills and experience: Have significant autonomy in conducting research and selecting modeling methodologies You will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest global subject matter experts that are transforming the automobile industry Analytics is a cross-functional research team within the company that focuses on applying advanced quantitative methods to solve a wide variety of challenging problems across multiple business areas Examples of past and current projects are: quantitative marketing analytics including large-scale consumer choice modeling and reinforcement learning; application of statistical, econometric, and machine learning techniques to economic and financial analysis; social network analysis; quantitative financial risk management and portfolio optimization Research and apply quantitative techniques from fields such as statistics, econometrics, optimization, and machine/deep learning toward the solution of important business problems from many areas of the automotive and mobility industry Enable evidence-based decision making by extracting insights from structured and unstructured data sets that are often large and high-dimensional Collaborate with other teams within the company in the model development and delivery process Identify new and Client data sources and explore their potential use in developing actionable business insights Explore emerging technologies and analytic solutions for use in quantitative model development Help maintain and enhance existing models Research mindset Ability to structure a project from idea to experimentation to prototype to implementation Ability and desire to quickly adapt to changing business objectives Ability and desire to quickly learn and apply new quantitative techniques and analytics technologies Good oral and written communication skills Three plus years of experience involving complex quantitative modeling and analysis in a business or academic setting, as indicated by relevant work experience and/or academic research and publications Two plus years of experience in at least one of the following languages: Python, R, Scala, MATLAB, Java, C/C++/C, SAS Skills/Experience Preferred: Advanced econometrics, statistics (Bayesian methods), time series analysis, forecasting and causal inference Machine learning, deep learning, optimization techniques, e.g. linear/nonlinear programming, dynamic/stochastic programming, optimal control, etc. Simulation method, e.g., Monte Carlo, etc. Demonstrated skills in the manipulation and data mining of large, high- dimensional structured and unstructured data sets Experience with big data technologies such as Spark, Hadoop, Map/Reduce, Hive, etc. Experience with parallel, grid, GPU computing Education Required: Master's degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science, Quantitative Social Science, Quantitative Marketing, Quantitative Finance, etc. Ph.D. preferred in the above mentioned 18-00916
 Assistant Scientist: Assistant Scientist(s) Department of Psychiatry / Center for Health Policy & Health Services Research Position Description : Henry Ford Health System’s (HFHS) Department of Psychiatry and Center for Health Policy and Health Services Research seek applicants for multiple positions at the rank of Assistant Scientist. HFHS’ Department of Psychiatry and Center for Health Policy and Health Services Research are core members of the NIMH-funded Mental Health Research Network, the Health Systems Node of the NIDA Clinical Trials Network, and the Trans-America Consortium of the HCSRN for the NIH Precision Medicine Initiative Cohort Program. The Department and Center have particular expertise in suicide prevention, opioid use disorders, and depressive disorders and conduct a wide range of studies using all types of research designs, including trials, prospective studies, and large observational studies within Henry Ford and across our participating networks. Clinical opportunities are also available within the Department of Psychiatry. Please address inquiries to Dr. Brian Ahmedani at the address below. Contact Information Brian K. Ahmedani, PhD Director of Psychiatry Research c/o cmarsha2@hfhs.org The ideal candidate will have expertise in suicide prevention, mental health or substance use disorders. To qualify for this position, the individual must have a PhD, MD or equivalent degree; post-doctoral research experience (min. 2 years); evidence of scholarly activity (publication of papers in peer-reviewed journals); potential to be an independent and externally-funded investigator. Research Bioscientific Staff are expected to obtain NIH funding; publish papers in peer-reviewed journals; report data at scientific meetings; participate in academic activities, (i.e. NIH study sections, editorial boards); and participate in HFHS research activities. Overview Henry Ford Health System, one of the largest and most comprehensive integrated U.S. health care systems, is a national leader in clinical care, research and education. The system includes the 1,200-member Henry Ford Medical Group, five hospitals, Health Alliance Plan (a health insurance and wellness company), Henry Ford Physician Network, a 150-site ambulatory network and many other health-related entities throughout southeast Michigan, providing a full continuum of care. In 2015, Henry Ford provided $299 million in uncompensated care. The health system also is a major economic driver in Michigan and employs more than 24,600 employees. Henry Ford is a 2011Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award recipient. The health system is led by President and CEO Wright Lassiter III. To learn more, visit HenryFord.com. Benefits Whether it's offering a new medical option, helping you make healthier lifestyle choices or making the employee enrollment selection experience easier, it's all about choice. Henry Ford Health System has a new approach for its employee benefits program - My Choice Rewards. My Choice Rewards is a program as diverse as the people it serves. There are dozens of options for all of our employees including compensation, benefits, work/life balance and learning - options that enhance your career and add value to your personal life. As an employee you are provided access to Retirement Programs, an Employee Assistance Program (Henry Ford Enhanced), Tuition Reimbursement, Paid Time Off, Employee Health and Wellness and access to day care services at Bright Horizons Midtown Detroit, and a whole host of other benefits and services. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer Henry Ford Health System is committed to the hiring, advancement and fair treatment of all individuals without regard to race, color, creed, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, size, height, weight, marital status, family status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and genetic information, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.
Lead Data Scientist: Overview Data & Analysis – Lead Data Scientist Digitas is a highly-caffeinated playground where brilliant minds come together to bring bold, award-winning ideas to life. The Data & Analysis team uses data-driven insights to fuel strategic growth for clients. We believe that data should never exist in a vacuum; instead, it should be put to work to bring the best ideas and stories to our clients. Digitas Data Science practice sits within our DNA (Data & Analysis) capability, and develops industry-leading analytical solutions for clients across industries, channels and business functions. We apply a bespoke and cutting-edge arsenal of statistical, analytical and computing techniques to complex data problems at scale, with an emphasis on game-changing—and measureable—business impact. We work in close collaboration with colleagues across all agency disciplines to develop truly innovative, highly effective, data-powered solutions for our clients. To help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Lead Data Scientist – an experienced problem solver and passionate evangelist of all things data, including the latest and greatest in methods, technologies and applications. Sound like you? Read on. What you’ll do: Our Data Scientists deliver analytic solutions across a wide variety of client applications. We build inferential and predictive models, including machine learning algorithms and AI; we process, integrate and manipulate big data with distributed systems and customer data pipelines; we synthesize results and translate findings into compelling stories that resonate with clients. As a Lead Data Scientist, you are our internal expert. You’ll develop and implement multi-faceted solutions for complex marketing and business challenges—from cross-channel media and customer experience optimization to segmentation, targeting and business strategy—synthesizing just the right elements of our technical and analytical offerings. Day-to-day, your role includes: Owning end-to-end analytical projects involving data engineering, data mining, data modeling, and business strategy. Providing Internal expertise in fundamental skill areas such as statistical methods, machine learning, AI, distributed computing, and open-source programming. Providing thought leadership and innovation in process, technique, and implementation. Collaborating with internal and external stakeholders to establish clear analytical objectives, approaches and timelines. Summarizing, visualizing, communicating and documenting analytic concepts, processes and results for technical and non-technical audiences. Sharing knowledge, debating techniques, and conducting research to advance the collective knowledge and skills of our Data Science practice. We’re looking for rigorous analytic training and 7+ years professional experience in a data science or analytics role, which typically includes: Robust domain expertise in areas of statistical methods, machine learning, AI, distributed computing, and/or open-source programming languages Experience integrating a variety of data sources, methods, and applications to achieve specific objectives Experience implementing a range of statistical or machine learning methods, from basic descriptive statistics, hypothesis testing and feature transformation to complex dimension reduction, supervised or unsupervised learning, and model tuning and validation. Proficiency in Python or R, SQL, and distributed computing systems such as Hadoop or AWS. Familiarity with Linux and/or Spark preferred. Demonstrated ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences Demonstrated passion for marketing analytical applications Demonstrated self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment with flat structure. Got what it takes? We’d love to hear from you. Digitas is an equal opportunity employer.
Global Data Insight & Analytics: Our customer's Global Data, Insights and Analytic (GDI&A) Team is a new and rapidly expanding group within the Company. The GDI&A Data Supply Chain team is responsible for the ingesting new and existing strategic data and the eco- system of discovery tools to perform analytic research and insight analysis. Data sources include connected vehicle data, external data providers, public data, social media, digital exhaust, transactional data and similar use in building incremental value and insight for the business. The Data Supply Chain Business Integration Analyst: - Responsible for data process performance management for the Data Supply Chain. Working with the business and data management teams to develop Business Process Review documents, deployment and system operational metrics for use in GDIA, ensuring the operation. Escalate data issues (ingestion, production or storage) in the appropriate forums and work cross functionally to develop solutions Collaborating with Data Operations, Analytics and IT teams to achieve results Improve the Data Supply Chain department results through innovation Evaluation of data accuracy, completeness, timeliness and stability and establishing repeatable, sustainable processes to maintain data including the understanding of all preprocesses prior to ingestion into Hadoop. Analyze the use of Data Supply Chain to improve base process efficiency and customer satisfaction with the data assets. Work with IT to resolve system performance or tool related issues for the user. Work cross-functionally with the Data Supply Chain in use and management of data and analytic projects Lead a cross functional forum of Data Owners and Data Scientist to define and refine Data availability for all communities. Participate in external forums and tool user groups looking for improvement techniques in tool deployment and development, host Learning Sessions with vendor support and contribute to the future vision of Data Supply Chain. Requirements: -Strong collaboration and communications skills Demonstrated knowledge of IT organization and processes. Excellent verbal and written presentation skills including developing training and media to enhance the customer experience. Demonstrated problem formulation and problem solving skills Ability to take complex problems and break them down to create and implement an action plan Drive launch of IT websites and work with project management on deployment of tools and infrastructure for the customer. Business development and relationship building to establish partnerships with third parties and internal stakeholders Strong understanding of analysis and computational complexity and ability to programmatically solve problems Experience Required: Hands on Analytic experience and familiarity with commercial Analytic tools Experience Preferred: Customer experience would be an asset
 Senior Data Scientist: _PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU DO NOT NEED SPONSORSHIP TO WORK IN THE UNITED STATES. WE ARE UNABLE TO CONSIDER CANDIDATES WHO REQUIRE SPONSORSHIP._ Location: Warren, MI Austin, TX About the role: This is a unique opportunity to join a multi-disciplined team of experienced individuals who drive the opportunity identification and solution design, development, and deployment of advanced analytics across the global enterprise.The team is responsible both for analytics strategy and project- based solutions, focusing on the company’s most critical business areas. This role applies leading analytic practices and methods, designs and leads iterative development and learning cycles, and ultimately produces new and creative analytic solutions that become part of the operating fabric of the global enterprise. Responsibilities include some or all of the following: Working with cross-functional teams to discover and develop actionable, high-impact data analytics needs and opportunities in a variety of core business areas. Developing industry leading solutions including: Exploring and framing business problems and challenges in analytic terms, so that actionable objectives can be clearly defined. Assessing any existing analytic models, reviewing for gaps against business needs and industry best practices. Determining the analytic approaches to be used, and defining and applying the appropriate methodologies, based on industry leading practices. Identifying detailed data needs, sources, and structure to support solution development. Employing Proof-of-Concepts for exploratory and targeted data analyses, leading to breakthrough solutions. Ensuring integrity of the analytical solutions in terms of the underlying statistical and economic models and assumptions. Presenting approaches and insights to clients in simple, clear, and coherent fashion. Minimum Qualifications : Business Acumen Ability to understand complex business processes, and how business value is created. Based on that knowledge, propose analytic strategies and solutions that challenge and expand the thinking of the working team. Ability to create structured problem statements and conceptualize potential solutions from rough client specifications and information. Ability to communicate analyses, status, results, and recommendations to business management and executives in business terms. Technical Expertise Expert knowledge and experience in one or more of these areas: Econometric and time series modeling, simulation, machine learning, text analytics, and optimization methods. Experience with analyzing source system data and data flows, and working with structured and unstructured data. Experience with manipulating high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships and trends. Detailed knowledge and experience in one or more of the following technology areas: Analytic tools and languages for statistical and machine learning models such as SAS, R, Python, Scala Deep Learning frameworks and tools such as TensorFlow, Word2vec Hadoop framework and platform tools (Spark, Hive, Sqoop, and Pig) Data management using SQL Data visualization with tools such as Tableau Additional Qualifications: 7+ years professional experience Employment experience in a Fortune 100 company preferred Highly collaborative work style, with ability to provide leadership to a cross-functional team Flexible analytic approach that allows for producing results at varying levels of precision Strong listening and communications skills, with ability to clearly and concisely explain complex problems and technologies to non-expert and executive audiences Evidence of being able to transfer solutions to business stakeholders for successful adoption and value realization Commitment to constant learning to expand skills and keep pace with industry advances Education Masters or PhD preferred. Bachelors’ degree or equivalent work experience in a technical or quantitative field required.
Analyst - Data Operations: Job Description Job Description/Overview: At Ford Motor Company, we are dedicated to designing, manufacturing and selling high quality vehicles that meet the diverse needs of our customers. We believe our employees and the different perspectives that they bring to the business are the driving force behind our success. Come discover a company that is focused on the quality of our vehicles, the environment, the community and the world in which we live. The Data Ops Analyst role resides within the Ford GDIA organization which was formed to support Ford’s Blueprint for Mobility strategy and the OneFord Plan for profitable growth. In this role, you will support the data requirements of the Data Scientists who are using analytics to achieve business outcomes including insights to accelerate our Connected Customer and Connected Vehicle initiatives. Responsibilities: Responsible for providing the data support for enterprise data integration tasks, including ingestion, standardization, enrichment, mastering and assembly of data products for downstream applications. In addition, you will: Drive the Data Strategy and align it with continuously changing business landscape Work on all the data types across the enterprise including Customer, Dealer, Vehicle, Manufacturing, etc. Continuously increase Data Coverage by working closely with the Data Scientists, understanding and evaluating their data requirements and delivering the data they need Support the data requirements of the different functional teams like MS&S, PD, Quality, etc. and all the regional KPI / Metrics initiatives Evaluate, explore and select the right data platform technologies including Big Data, RDBMS & NoSQL to meet the analytics requirements Provide visibility to Data Quality issues and work with the business owners to fix the issues Implement an Enterprise Data Governance model and actively promote the concept of data sharing, data reuse, data quality and data standards Perform any necessary data mapping, data lineage activities and document information flows Build the Metadata model & Business Glossary by gathering information from multiple sources: business users, existing data sources, databases and other relevant documents and systems Serve as data subject matter expert and demonstrate an understanding of key data management principles and data use Drive Master Data Management(MDM) strategy including implementing the governance model for Master Data Drive Data profiling and data exploration for basic understanding and profiling of the data Job Requirements: Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or engineering 2+ years’ of experience in Big Data / NoSQL technologies Preferred Qualifications 5+ years’ of experience in a Data Management role including running queries and compiling data for analytics 3+ years’ of experience in data design, data architecture and data modeling (both transactional and analytic) Experience with Hadoop (HDFS, MapReduce, Hive, Scala, Spark, Informatica etc.), especially command line experience with loading and manipulating files within HDFS The distance between imagination and … creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. You’ll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
Data Scientist: About Strava Strava is Swedish for “strive,” which epitomizes our attitude and ambition: We’re a passionate and committed team, unified by our mission to build the most engaged community of athletes in the world. Every day, we’re searching for new ways to inspire athletes and make the sports they love even more fun. But it’s not only about achieving – we’re an inclusive team, dedicated to elevating each other and the members of our community. That balanced approach has helped us revolutionize our industry, and we’re just getting started. Millions of athletes are on Strava, millions more will come. When you’re ready for a challenge and a team that will support you along the way, join us. About this role Strava is looking for an Data Scientist to help establish our Data Science practice and develop insights and products that improve the experience of athletes on our platform. You will work on a variety of projects across product teams, including recommendations, segmentation, and statistical modeling. The successful candidate will have a passion for data, finding the best algorithm for the job, and making an impact on the business. Responsibilities Work with product and engineering teams to define, scope, and implement projects in production Apply machine learning and other relevant techniques to business problems Build models from the ground up, from data exploration through feature generation, to model construction and optimization Design and evaluate A/B tests to quantify impact Partner with Data Engineering and Platform teams to identify and build tools for Data Science Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or other quantitative field; advanced degree a plus 2 years of hands-on experience as a Data Scientist, Machine Learning engineer, or similar position Ability to translate business needs into models and data products, and communicate results to product and leadership teams Development experience with Python or other scripting language Proficient with SQL Experience with geographic data a plus Backed by Sequoia Capital, Madrone Partners and Jackson Square Ventures, Strava is expanding in order to exceed the needs of our growing community of global athletes. By joining our team, you will help push Strava forward in fresh, innovative ways. You will engage in interesting and challenging work that will improve the lives of our athletes every day. And in the same way that Strava is deeply committed to unlocking the potential of our athletes, we are dedicated to providing a world-class workplace where our employees can grow and thrive. Join us! Strava is an equal opportunity employer. In keeping with the values of Strava, we make all employment decisions including hiring, evaluation, termination, promotional and training opportunities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, physical handicap, mental disability, medical condition, disability, pregnancy or pregnancy-related condition, marital status, height and or weight.
2019 University Grad - Data Scientist I - Marketplace: We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. About the Role We're looking for a data scientist to build state of the art ML and statistical models that uplevel our pricing systems What You’ll Do (Sample Projects) Predict Express Pool matching efficiency using route-aware models that incorporate real time features Reinforcement-learning models for surge pricing Innovate at the intersection of machine learning and causal inference Work with engineering to build production models using Tensorflow What You’ll Need Experience with data analysis, experimentation, and machine learning Energetic attitude and excitement about building advanced pricing systems Proficiency with Python, and bonus for Numpy, Pandas, Tensorflow Proficiency with SQL and Hive / Spark About the Team The Rider Pricing team is responsible for the algorithms and systems that determine prices for every trip on the Uber platform. The models built by our team set prices that trade off engagement and profitability on $20 billion in annualized gross billings, and they work to maintain market reliability via dynamic pricing in all of Uber’s 600+ cities. We’re a team built on data, and execute by leveraging the best of quantitative disciplines, from machine learning to operations research, statistical inference to econometrics and structural modeling.
 Data Scientist: Summary Esurance is looking for a Data Scientist to join a dynamic and award-winning team of individuals who are committed to making insurance smarter, easier, and dare we say- cooler. As part of a growing company that is focused on providing an outstanding customer experience, you’ll have the opportunity to expand your skills and discover your potential. If you’re looking for a career at a socially conscious company that offers great benefits — including matching 401k and tuition reimbursement — then you may have just found your new home. Esurance combines the spunk of a startup company with the backing of Allstate (the largest publicly held personal lines insurer in the U.S.) to create a unique, energized, and exciting place to work. Responsibilities Data scientists in the group develop tangible and actionable recommendations that are then implemented in real-time to improve business operations. Key responsibilities include: Working with business stakeholders to deeply understand business problems and pain points Developing algorithms and predictive models using large amounts of structured and unstructured data Collaborating with internal technology team to deploy solutions for real-time decisions Designing experiments to determine efficacy of solutions. Providing on-going performance monitoring of decision systems and statistical models Qualifications Excellent knowledge of a high-level language for statistical and scientific computing (R, Python or similar) Extensive experience in data management and data scrubbing Strong aptitude towards math and programming Ability to communicate complex information in a way that is clear and easily understood Benefits At Esurance, being committed to our employees is not just something we say, it’s something we do. Our benefits package is designed to help our associates stay healthy, meet their long-term financial goals, and balance the demands of work and personal life. Esurance rewards hard work, dedication, and creativity with competitive salaries and a generous bonus system. We are committed to our employees and we are dedicated to creating a diverse, positive, innovative and team-oriented work environment. Health & wellness Medical, vision, and dental insurance Life insurance (company-paid and supplemental) Accidental death and dismemberment coverage Wellness coaching and incentives Group critical illness coverage Accident indemnity and hospital indemnity plans Group legal Savings 401(k) plan with annual matching contribution Referral bonuses Performance-rewarding bonus system Tuition assistance program (up to $5,250 per year) Health savings and flexible spending accounts Commuter benefits Family & Community Adoption assistance Maternity leave Buckle Up Baby program Pet insurance discount Charitable gift matching Give Time, Get Time volunteer program Employee Assistance Program Time off Short-term disability Long-term disability (employee-paid option) Paid time off (holidays, vacation, etc.)
Data Scientist: Job Description We are looking for a mid/senior level Data Scientist to join our Data Science Products team-a small team whose mandate is to solve complex data science problems with engineering solutions optimized for consumer-facing applications. The data science product team plays a key role in Ask Media Group’s business, owning projects from ideation to production, and collaborating with our engineering teams to build scalable solutions. We have mountains of language and user-interaction data that we use to drive breakthroughs both in performance marketing and the creation of engaging search and content experiences. As a member of the team, you will collaborate across the organization within a culture that values pragmatic solutions.
Data Scientist: Rally Health is seeking a Data Scientist to work closely with our product teams to improve our products and grow our business through analytics and development of data strategies. Rally products inform users about their healthcare options and help to engage them in their own healthcare. In this role, the Data Scientist will work with product teams to investigate user behavior and develop data strategies (e.g., personalized recommendations) to improve product performance and ultimately health outcomes. This involves leveraging data to measure and improve our offerings through metric development and instrumentation, data investigations, designing and interpreting experiments, exploratory research, and impact evaluation. We are able to bring together a rich set of relevant data to do this work including lifestyle and health status information from our health assessment survey; engagement and activity data from our Wellness product; intent data from our provider search product; and direct health information including biometrics and medical and pharmaceutical claims. The Data Scientist will work in close coordination with the product team, applying this data to generate insights and develop data strategies that help our products evolve to better serve our customers and users. Skills: Ability to proactively identify opportunities and solve challenging business problems with a variety of data tools in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. Ability to use predictive analytics and classical modeling techniques for statistical inference and creation of data insights. Ability to work in a variety of data environments, e.g., Hadoop HDFS, SQL, Mongo, etc. Experience in SQL and some scripting language (Python, R, etc.) Focus on quality and process to ensure the integrity of our analytic output Experience: Graduate of Data Science program or technical analytical experience using data science tools Experience driving analytic projects and investigations to produce measurable results. Familiarity with data-driven product development (A/B testing, time series analysis, propensity modeling, etc.); you tailor your approach to the problem rather than trying to apply the same techniques everywhere. Familiarity solving business challenges with data using scripting languages (such as Python or R) and SQL Nice to Have: Healthcare or wellness specific business knowledge and/or experience with behavioral and claims data Experience using ML to solve business problems Experience in a big data environments, like Hadoop or Spark Advanced (post-baccalaureate) degree in a quantitative field About Rally Health: Our benefits package is highly competitive with others in tech, offering great options that attend to your physical, emotional, financial and career health. We have low deductible, modest employee contribution health care options through UnitedHealth, and an option for a higher deductible plan accompanied by an HSA that Rally pays for. We have vision and dental care, disability income protection, FSA, and life insurance benefits that extend to you and your dependents. We serve catered lunch each day and stock the kitchen with snacks for those of us who need to be reminded to eat. And, of course, we grant to our employees access to the Rally Engage app that offers challenges and incentives to keep us well. On the emotional well-being side of things, we know that people who work as hard as Rallyers need to catch their breath. So, we offer PTO-with-trust; meaning, you take it when you need it and we don't add up how much you've used. For those that need a little extra care, we are partnering with Ginger.io to make employee support accessible via text. Financially, we offer competitive cash compensation and equity, 401k matching, and surprise bonuses to those who surprise us with their contributions. And, perhaps most importantly, we offer a company with a purpose, jobs that demand your very best work, and opportunities to learn, grow, and build your career. Rally Health is committed to ensuring that its workforce reflects America’s diverse population. Rally Health knows that such diversity will enrich us with the talent, energy, perspective and inspiration it needs to achieve its mission. Rally Health believes in a policy of equal employment and opportunity for all people based on merit and commitment to the principles of diversity. It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote individuals in all job titles, and administer all programs, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, sex, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, genetic information, disability, matriculation, political affiliation, veteran status, union affiliation, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Applicants who require an accommodation related to the application and/or review process should notify our recruiting team (recruiting@rallyhealth.com). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Data Scientist: The UCSF Liver Center seeks a Data Scientist who can provide independent bioinformatics expertise to a variety of research projects focusing on liver biology, liver diseases and the care and outcomes of patients suffering from liver diseases. Competitive candidates will be experienced and independent, have broad methodological expertise, and have the organization and temperament to set up a bioinformatics core serving a diverse clientele of basic scientists and clinicians. Duties will include bioinformatics analyses of high-throughput data (transcriptomic, proteomic, metagenomic) using existing pipelines, or adapting existing methods or designing new ones as necessary. Additional duties may involve the development of diagnostic or prognostic algorithms from panels of clinical data. The Data Scientist will be expected to write code to process complex high-throughput data sets and generate tabular and graphic reports for dissemination of experimental results. S/he will consult with clients in the design phase of experiments to ensure generation of high-quality, statistically robust results. S/he will also train less experienced clients in various aspects of data analysis upon request. The Data Scientist will be charged with maintaining the computational infrastructure of the new core service and tracking the workflow for multiple studies, including transient data storage. S/he will assist users with depositing and retrieving data sets from public and proprietary databases. With help from faculty supervisors, the Data Scientist will establish a business model for the core and set priorities for serving multiple clients. S/he will also contribute to Liver Center-sponsored enrichment events to provide overviews of core capabilities, answer questions about bioinformatics, and assess the training and analytical needs of Center members. The location for this position is Parnassus or TBD. DEPARTMENT OF MEDICINE – GASTROENTEROLOGY The UCSF Liver Center (http://livercenter.ucsf.edu) is a consortium of over 60 physicians and scientists whose research focuses on liver biology and disease. Research in the Liver Center spans from bench to bedside and covers acute and chronic liver injury, liver fibrosis and liver cancer. The Liver Center currently operates three core facilities designed to accelerate the research progress of its members. The hub of the Center will soon be consolidating at the Parnassus campus. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.
 Data Scientist, Engineering: Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA As a Data Scientist, you will evaluate and improve Google's products. You will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of engineers and analysts on a wide range of problems. This position will bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of measuring quality, improving consumer products, and understanding the behavior of end-users, advertisers, and publishers. Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, data scientists not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Responsibilities Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations. Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity. Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess improvements to google products. Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information. Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Google's user facing products; example application areas include ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering). 2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician). Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL). Preferred qualifications: PhD degree in a quantitative discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications. 4 years of relevant work experience (e.g., as a statistician / computational biologist / bioinformatician / data scientist), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods. Analytical engagements outside class work while at school can be included. Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets. Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations. Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem. Demonstrated effective written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques. At Google, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To all recruitment agencies: Google does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Google employees or any other company location. Google is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Data Scientist: Plaid’s data science team is building technologies that improve how millions of users understand and grow their financial lives. We're looking for data scientists with experience applying state-of-the-art machine learning and data science techniques toward any area, including natural language processing, security, anomaly detection, optimization, and time series forecasting. We value not only technological know-how, but also creativity, user empathy, and teamwork. At Plaid, you will have access to unparalleled collections of transactions, accounts, and financial data. You will be empowered by this data and by our team to build products generating compelling insights and recommendations for our users. What excites you Utilizing features of billions of transactions to help borrowers access capital for personal and small-business loans and mortgages Modeling the nuanced language of financial statements to extract useful information from their unstructured data (see https://blog.plaid.com/making-sense-of-messy-data/) Exploring new ways we can better equip users and clients with insights about spending, saving, and investing Championing a data-first approach toward decision-making across the entire organization What excites us: At least 2 years of production data science experience Preferably (but not required) a graduate degree in machine learning, computational statistics, or similar fields Strong collaborative mindset and experience working with external clients to translate their needs into effective engineering solutions We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 Data Scientist: About Hive Hive is a full stack deep learning platform helping to bring companies into the AI era. We label training data through Hive Data, a distributed workforce of over 300,000 workers around the world generating millions of high quality pieces of data a day. We then use this data to build machine learning models with applications in verticals like Media, Autonomous Driving, Retail, and Security. Today, we work with some of the largest companies in the world to redefine how they think about unstructured visual data and together we build solutions that completely transform verticals. We are fortunate to be funded by leading investors like Peter Thiel (Founders Fund), General Catalyst, Formation 8, and others. We have ~100 people globally, based in our San Francisco and Delhi offices. If you're interested in the future of AI and want to join us, please reach out! Data Scientist Role In order to execute our vision, we are looking to expand our team of data scientists. We generate an enormous amount of valuable proprietary data in a number of verticals, and we are building a team dedicated to deriving insights from this data. This team will bridge the gap between the "tagged" data that our machine learning team builds and the product team in delivering business insights. Our ideal candidate has experience working with massive data sets (think 10B+ rows of data) and is comfortable with both statistics and engineering. Responsibilities Everything involved in analyzing a production data set, including: Writing code to transform massive raw data output into a structured, usable form Leveraging more traditional machine learning techniques to uncover hidden relationships in our data sets Conducting statistical analysis of results to prove / disprove hypotheses, and Write up reports that our other team members can use to deliver in a product Interface closely with the Product, Business Development, and Sales teams to answer questions about our data sets that our customers and partners are seeking solutions for Requirements You have an undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science or similar technical field, with significant coursework in mathematics or statistics You have 1-2 years of industry data science experience You have successfully worked with complex data sets and are familiar with Hadoop / Spark You know the ins and outs of Python, especially as it applies to the above data processing frameworks You are capable of quickly coding and prototyping data pipelines involving any combination of Python, Node, bash, and linux command-line tools, especially when applied to large data sets consisting of millions of files You have a working knowledge of the following technologies, or are not afraid of picking them up on the fly: C++, Scala / Spark, R, Matlab, SQL, Cassandra, Docker You are comfortable with running and interpreting common statistical tests, and also with common data science techniques including dimensionality reduction and supervised and unsupervised learning You have great communication skills and ability to work with others You are a strong team player, with a do-whatever-it-takes attitude What We Offer You We are a group of individuals who are young and hungry to make a mark on the world and build a machine learning company for the long run. You will be based in San Francisco and we offer all the standard benefits available to top startup companies. At Hive, you will have a significant career development opportunity and an opportunity to learn directly from our founder / CEO. Thank you for your interest in joining Hive.
 Research Data Analyst: The Research Data Analyst will play a pivotal role in supporting the research and educational agenda for all departments at UCSF Fresno. The Analyst will use skills as a seasoned, experienced research professional with a full understanding of in-depth statistical analyses and / or research software programming techniques. The Analyst will demonstrate good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Please Note: This position is located in Fresno, CA. UCSF FRESNO UCSF Fresno is a major educational, research and clinical branch of UCSF that is located in the Central San Joaquin Valley and is administered by the Office of the Dean in Fresno, CA. Programs and affiliations of the School of Medicine (SOM), Pharmacy (SOP) and Dentistry (SOD) are administered by UCSF Fresno. ABOUT UCSF The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.
Data Scientist: Who We Are: The ads marketplace team is responsible for placing each and every ad that Twitter serves. While placing those ads we decide how best to balance user experience, advertiser results, and Twitter revenue. Our team optimizes the ad delivery engine, manages demand/supply, and improves product outcomes by applying data science and machine learning skills. We routinely deliver significant improvements to our revenue, and work in a close sync with our executive staff (including our COO & CFO) due to our direct impact on Twitter’s business. What You’ll Do: We’re looking for a key individual contributor to drive our advertising products forward. Ads marketplace decides which ads to serve billions of times a day under a sub-second setting. You will ship new features and optimize existing products. You will perform rigorous analysis, understand our advertising products, experiment, make data-driven decisions, optimize for impact, and measure performance funnels. Your team will empower you with the autonomy to make good product decisions and ship well-designed code. You’ll own significant projects end-to-end. The small teams of talented, passionate people in which you’ll work will include engineers and data scientists from across the revenue engineering organization. The ads marketplace team works on every high-priority ads project at Twitter. Who You Are: You’re a data scientist with a track record of delivering results. You find satisfaction in shipping changes that deliver measurable impact in the form of immediate revenue. You apply machine learning and data science techniques when applicable, but are just as happy to implement a simple heuristic when you find it’s as effective at driving impact to your product. You’re looking to join a strong, high-performing team. Sample Projects: We build new ways for advertisers to buy ads on Twitter, such as paying up front for guaranteed results We design incrementality studies to measure the lift in brand awareness that our advertising campaigns drive We dive into individual products (e.g. video ads) to improve results for our most critical business priorities We evaluate the impact of ads on new Twitter users, determining how to show them ads in order to maximize their long-term usage of the product We build more intelligent delivery algorithms resulting in better ROI for our advertisers We are responsible for measuring the results of all experiments on Twitter ads Requirements: Experience building models, engineering features, and using data intelligently to optimize product performance Experience performing analysis on raw event data in modern distributed system engineering stacks Deep understanding of data platforms in which you’ve previously worked Ability to thrive in an unstructured environment, working autonomously on a strong team to find opportunity and deliver business impact Good understanding of (one or more of the following): Python or R Bonus Points: Past experience in adtech PhD or MS in computer science, machine learning, or statistics Experience in production stacks involving machine learning, AB testing, or control systems Good understanding of (one or more of the following): Java, Scala, or C++ Interesting side projects or Kaggle competition results Entrepreneurial mindset We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 Data Analyst: Snowflake’s mission is to enable every organization to be data-driven with instant elasticity, secure data sharing and per-second pricing, across multiple clouds. Snowflake combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. As a Data Analyst for our customer success team, your work is used to uncover insights about the operations of Snowflake, helping to drive important strategic decisions. You will join a growing team and also work with some of the leading data scientists and engineers in the field. We are looking for someone who is passionate about analytics and is able to approach complex problems in an organized and detail-oriented manner. You should be an intellectual athlete who has the desire to learn about customer behavior and the important drivers of various departments. Responsibilities: Develop and maintain company-wide analytics reporting and processes that provide insights to business performance and key company metrics for a fast growing, SaaS-based company Provide regular, timely reporting and performance monitoring to Service and Operations, Executive Team, and other key business stakeholders Develop data collection and appropriate analytical tools, models and processes Synthesize data from various sources such as AWS, ERP, and other internal systems Meet regularly with sales teams, executive management, and key stakeholders to present analysis and actionable recommendations Think creatively to find optimal solutions to our complex, often unstructured problems Our ideal candidate will have: 3+ years of experience working with SQL and relational data 2+ years of experience working with large-scale data 3+ years of experience with tools commonly used for data analysis such as Python (numpy, pandas, and scikit), or R. Strong experience with at least one scripting language, such as Python, Ruby, Perl, or Bash. Experience working with Excel, ERP and Financial Planning tools Experience with business intelligence tools such as Looker, Tableau, Business Objects, or Microstrategy. Familiarity with MPP databases, such as Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery, Vertica, etc. Experience identifying and debugging data problems Exposure to automating processes Exposure to building ETL pipelines LI-GL1 About Snowflake Snowflake Computing, the cloud data warehousing company, has reinvented the data warehouse for the cloud and today’s data. The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse is built from the cloud up with a patent-pending new architecture that delivers the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms and the elasticity of the cloud – at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. Snowflake can be found online at snowflake.net. Snowflake has been voted as one of the Bay Area Best Places to Work in 2015, 2016, and 2017. We are a place where people work effectively with the same values and vision. We focus on doing what is right for our customers, shareholders, and employees. We create great products, individually and as a team. Snowflake is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
DATA SCIENTIST: San Francisco Academia is looking for an experienced Data Scientist skilled at building and deploying predictive models and performing deep statistical analyses to support and accelerate our growth initiatives. In this role you will partner with our revenue conversion, growth and engineering teams to build and deploy models and conduct analyses that enable Academia to grow users and revenue faster and more efficiently. You will be a core contributor to building our data science practice! The Data Science team leverages Academia’s data to deliver insights for our customers and inform product direction and decision-making. We operate full- stack, conducting analyses, prototyping and deploying predictive models and statistical tools both for internal use and for our customers. Here’s what you’ll do day-to-day: Build and deploy models that can be used for forecasting and optimization, in areas such as: Predicting lead and customer value (conversion, churn, growth, etc.) Targeting upsell of additional products and product tiers both in-app and through marketing efforts Develop reusable statistical tools for tracking and analyzing growth experiments Conduct ad hoc statistical analyses and deep dives into our data to support Academia’s growth and revenue conversion Enhance and contribute to the team’s core analysis and modeling systems and libraries Present and communicate results across the company Identify new opportunities to leverage data to improve Academia’s products and help our business Here’s what we’re looking for: Recent college grad or preferred 2+ years’ experience conducting statistical analyses on large datasets, ideally in an internet consumer business context (can supplement with academic experience where appropriate) Experience applying a variety of statistical and modeling techniques using Python, R or another statistical modeling language, as indicated by familiarity with many of the following techniques - generalized linear modeling, regularization, ensemble models (e.g., random forest, gradient boosting), Bayesian analysis methods, time series analysis, hierarchical modeling, and Monte Carlo methods. Strong programming skills - comfortable with all phases of the data science development process, from data collection all the way through to deployment Excellent communication skills - able to effectively deliver findings and recommendations to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and compelling fashion PhD or Masters is a plus Experience designing valid controlled experiments and conducting robust analyses on the resulting data. The Academia Story Founded in 2008, Academia.edu is the leading online platform for academics worldwide. Our site accelerates research and supports critical breakthroughs in medicine, science, transportation and communications by allowing researchers to publish and share their own work. Not only do these scholars and researchers share their own research, they can use our complex platform to monitor deep analytics around the impact of their research, and track the research of academics they follow. We have more than 35 employees at our San Francisco Office, with 26 in engineering. Over 60 million academics are Academia.edu members, adding 20 million papers. Academia.edu attracts over 30 million unique visitors a month and has an investment of more than $34 million from leading VC firms including Khosla Ventures, True Ventures, Spark Capital and Tencent. Our work has garnered favorable attention from trade and mainstream media including _Fortune, Wired, EdTech, Venture Beat, San Francisco Business Times, The Economist, The Washington Post, TechCrunch, Scientific American and Forbes._ Academia is turning cash flow positive; our revenue run rate is growing rapidly. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. APPLY
Data Scientist: The Role We are seeking machine learning developers with natural language processing experience. In general, we are looking for people who are self-motivated and passionate about the field of machine learning and the vast applications of it. These folks will have the ability to work with / understand / and build on top of an existing code base using their deep knowledge of various machine learning algorithms (e.g. neural networks, bayesian methods, etc). Key responsibilities include, but not limited to: Build on top of an existing text processing/classification system Write, maintain, and develop python machine learning modules & repos Run hyperparameter optimizations + collect, analyze, visualize, and present results What You Need to Succeed BS or MS in computer science, mathematics, physics or other hard science/engineering discipline Programming in Python ~ 2+ years Numpy, scipy, pandas, Jupyter, and scikit-learn background Data visualization (e.g. matplotlib, seaborn, bokeh, mpld3, etc) Ability to implement machine learning algorithms from scratch Experience with full machine learning pipeline: from data preprocessing, to building/training various models, to hyperparameter optimization, testing, and visualization of results. Background in deep learning preferred but not required In Your Application Please Include A past machine learning project you worked on in which highlights your skills, including: What tools/models did you use? What were some problems you encountered along the way, and how did you solve them? What Brightidea Offers Market competitive salary and significant equity in a well-funded, growing company A chance to impact human creativity Generous vacation and holidays Top-notch benefits (healthcare, vision, dental, maternity, paternity, retirement) A unique opportunity to use your leadership skills, experience, and contacts to build a team and shape the culture of the company. An incredible team of fun, humble but brilliant co-workers Background Helping large companies innovate isn’t easy, but it is vital. Vital to creating new jobs. Vital to igniting growth. Vital to ensuring a safe, healthy and prosperous future of billions around the globe. But, Innovation at large companies is a mess. Employees have lots of ideas on how to improve a business, but with no formal process, their suggestions go unheard and they give up trying to make a difference. Corporate innovation labs are expected to support countless different activities to promote innovation but lack the right tools for the job. Executives are seeing disruption everywhere they look and investing millions, but still have no idea where their “next big thing” will come from, or if it will come at all. At Brightidea, we’ve built a platform that’s solving those problems. We’ve been helping corporate R &D teams be more efficient with the 1.5 Trillion dollars invested annually. Our Team We’re a tight-knit, entrepreneurial minded, team of self-starters who show up every day for the same reason: to create an impact on the way the world innovates. Our aim this year at Brightidea is to make it our Best Year Ever and we plan to accomplish that through our creative, focused, ambitious, and humble approach to change the way corporate R &D teams run innovation challenges. Anyone entering our company will have the opportunity to shape the culture and be an integral part of setting it up for long term success. If you can identify with being humble, T-shaped, and relentlessly resourceful than this could be the perfect team for you to add your contributions to and shine in. Brightidea believes that everyone has the ability to make a difference and that a diverse team generates more innovation and bigger ideas. Just as our product invites organizations to crowd source innovation across their workforce, Brightidea is inclusive and does not discriminate. We accept everybody.
 Data Scientist - Fall Intern: At Yelp, it’s our mission to connect people with great local businesses. Yelp’s unique dataset contains billions of interactions between users and local business around the globe, from a user reviewing a neighborhood coffee shop to requesting a repair quote with a photo of a leaky faucet. The Data Science team performs analyses, builds models, and designs experiments that directly impact Yelp’s business and users. Our centralized team is the most wide-ranging consumer of data at Yelp, adept at tasks from modeling content growth and user behavior to sharing insights about the health of local economies. We’re looking for interns to work side-by-side with our Data Scientists at Yelp to make sense of these interactions to deliver impactful analyses and products to our users, business partners and the general public. We Are Looking For: Pursuing a BA/BS, MS, or PhD in Statistics, Math, Physics, Economics, Computer Science or related quantitative discipline. Fluency with SQL and Python or R for data analysis. Solid understanding of statistical inference, experimental design and analysis. Enthusiasm for clean code and sharing reproducible results. Communication skills to work with partners on engineering, product and business teams. An eye for great data visualization with Matplotlib, Plotly, ggplot, or Tableau. Endless ideas about how to leverage Yelp's unique data set. What You Will Do: Define key metrics to track Yelp’s performance and inform product decisions. Assess and frame questions from partners into actionable deliverables. Design, execute, and analyze complex experiments impacting millions of users. Devise and evaluate models for diverse business needs, such as identifying growth opportunities, personalizing user experience, and matching consumers to businesses. Own analyses start-to-finish and communicate key insights to stakeholders. Share your technical skills to develop and maintain high-quality, reusable analysis tools. Interested in applying? Sweet! Share with us why you want to work at Yelp and don't forget to mention any side projects, academic papers, and personal websites/blogs.
 Data Scientist: Purpose of Position As a Data Scientist on our rapidly growing team, you will have the opportunity to make a large impact at Z Gallerie. You will be embedded within our highly analytical marketing team. The team moves fast and is focused on one thing: getting more people to shop for home furnishings at Z Gallerie both online and in store . You will identify key metrics, design experimentation and incrementality tests, conduct deep and rigorous analysis, and deliver insights to the team for marketing scale and optimization. You will also be working across all channels in the business which means interfacing with many business leaders. You will be a trusted partner in the team tackling the toughest and most impactful analytical problems while making the data accessible to your teammates and cross-functional colleagues. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Conduct quantitative research and analysis of our brand strategy requiring complex data retrieval that results in actionable insights and recommendations Collaborate with store operations, marketing, merchandising, and planning teams to identify opportunity areas, translate them into structured analyses, and generate actionable insights Identify key questions, problems, and KPIs using your sharp business acumen and judgment and past retail analytics experiences Design and analyze rigorous experiments and incrementality tests Build predictive models to better understand and forecast users behavior. Work daily with marketing leadership and a team of marketing professionals to discover and guide the most impactful marketing investments Provide access to data through dashboards and other analytical tools to empower the marketing team and cross-functional partners through self-service. Look for opportunity to automate insights through alerting and anomaly detection. Make conclusions from your analysis, present your results, and advocate for proposed next steps to key decision makers Develop and deliver on the marketing and retail analytics roadmap Build analytical tools from scratch (like a customer LTV model, a budget optimization model and campaign effectiveness tools) that will enable marketing to acquire new users in the most efficient way Other tasks as required Position Specifications _Education & Formal Training_ Bachelor’s degree Prior retail experience a plus _Experience & Skills_ Passion for, and track record of leveraging data for business impact in a multi-channel marketing environment (including ad servers, social networks, RTB platforms, and offline channels). Thorough understanding of the digital marketing / ad tech ecosystem and the best practices for measurement in it. Ability to write complex and performant queries in your dialect of SQL. Experience building tools and automated processes to extract, clean, and distill data in a procedural language of your choice such as Python, Julia, or R. Understanding of A/B testing and other forms of statistical analysis using statistical packages similar to R, SAS, or Pandas. Effective data visualization skills with analytical tools. Growth mindset; the ability to thrive in a dynamic and collaborative environment. Previous experience with measurement in offline channels. Data modeling, ETL and data pipeline development experience. Advanced degree in statistics or other quantitative field. Experience in SQL; ability to extract and manipulate data. Demonstrated ability to create insightful analytic results and communicate results and methodology effectively with partners. Skilled in working with data at varying levels of granularity and the issues inherent in building data sets across different platforms and systems of record. Demonstrated advanced Excel reporting skills. Interest in learning about and testing new customer acquisition strategies. Experience with other data and analysis tools/languages a plus (Google Analytics, Tableau, etc.). Proven capability to build strong partnerships and work with business partners to effectively negotiate priorities and scope of work. Ability to gather information and create both business and technical requirement documentation, as well as, drive the requirements process with both technical and business partners.
Data Scientist ML: Chime is dedicated to helping our members lead healthy financial lives. That’s why we offer an award-winning bank account that doesn’t charge unnecessary fees, gives members early access to their paychecks, and helps them save money automatically. Hundreds of thousands of people use the Chime mobile app and debit card to make purchases, track spending, save for the future, and more. Our members love Chime and use it daily. We believe that the big banks fail to help their members achieve financial health - and in many cases work against it, charging hundreds of dollars in hidden fees and pushing products that drive people into debt. We don’t think it needs to be this way, so we’re out to beat them. We have one of the most experienced management teams in Fintech and just raised a $70M Series C funding round, led by Menlo Ventures, to fuel our growth. If you’re looking to join a small but fast-growing company with a beloved, daily-use product and an authentic mission that puts people first, we want to meet you. Chime is a technology and data-driven finance startup. We are mining vast amounts of data to protect our members and ourselves from fraudsters. Our Data Scientists play an absolutely pivotal role in the company, creating the models that allow us to evaluate the risk of various types of banking transactions in realtime in unprecedentedly holistic, efficient, and accurate ways. What You'll Do Build production fraud and transaction based machine learning models; your models will decide which transactions we will approve or decline in real time. Work very closely with the Data Engineering team to ensure that we have the data needed by your models instantly available at scale in real time. What We Look For Passion and drive to change consumer banking for the better 3+ years industry experience or PhD in related field (Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning) Deep understanding of and experience with machine learning, data analytics, and statistical models Strong programming ability Advanced degree (MS/PhD) strongly preferred ====
 Data Scientist, Audience Science: Job Description Ubisoft, leading creator, publisher and distributor of interactive entertainment and services, with a rich portfolio of world-renowned brands, including Assassin’s Creed, Just Dance, Tom Clancy’s video game series, Rayman, Far Cry and Watch Dogs, is seeking a Data Scientist, Marketing Analytics. If you are looking to use your knowledge of data science to create insights in a renowned video game company, this is the job you have been looking for. In a newly established team, based in San Francisco, you will get to influence how we work with data science as you generate insights that are actively put to use. Responsibilities: Utilize a large panel of tools corresponding to different steps of the analysis. The most common will be SQL/HiveQL for data extraction, R/Python/Spark for data analysis and Tableau for data visualization. The team is fully transverse as we are working with production, marketing, CRM, media, licensing, sales and finance. Based on your strong background on computer science, you will be in charge of the automatization of scores and segmentations in a Hadoop environment. You will work with the San Francisco teams, as well as with other teams based all around the world, mainly Montreal and Paris. Build different models which provide insights for teams across the organization including, but not limited to our brand, CRM, production, and executive management teams. Qualifications Master's or degree or above in computer science or mathematics 3+ years of experiences as a software engineer, data engineer or data scientist Proficiency in R, Python or Spark Proficiency in SQL or HiveQL Knowledge of data visualization Experience with advanced analytics Strong interest in the gaming industry Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Additional Information Ubisoft is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that reflects the diversity of our player community. We are an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age or disability status.
 DATA Scientist: We are looking for an individual professional as Data Scientist with 10+ years of experience. Good experience in Python programming language. Hands-on experience in MS SQL server, SQL Analyzer. Familiar with F5 ADC products, LTM, GTM and EM. Good knowledge on AKAMAI Cloud Delivery platform. Good understanding on Cisco wireless security. Performed daily function of Cisco equipment lifecycle: receiving, part identification, testing, RMA, upgrade, configure, storage, and deployment. Good knowledge on Active Directory ( AD ), ( DHCP ) domain controller. Provide assistance in acquisition and integration for DHCP services. Experienced in maintaining Spotlight tool for monitoring and troubleshooting issues and alarms raised. Experience in SQL Server performance monitoring, through FOG light /SQL DTA. Should have worked on Linux , windows. Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation. Minimum Experience: 10 Yrs Maximum Experience: 20 Yrs Roles & Responsibilities: Should be able to manipulate, clean & process data using Excel, Access and SQL. Extensive in data mining and statistical analysis. Involved in Collecting , collating and carrying out complex data analysis in support of management & customer requests. Also involved in reporting statistics and question Identification. Optimizing the correlation of disparate data sets to meet the needs of the business. Excellent interpersonal, analytical and communication skills.
 Data Scientist: Job Title: Data Scientist Join us as we build a next-generation analytics platform to serve our world- class agents. As a Data Scientist , you’ll help build a platform of robust analytics features that lay the foundation for optimizing agent and broker productivity that bring Realogy’s renowned real estate brands into the next era of data-driven excellence. What we’re looking for: You’re a talented, creative, and motivated data scientist who loves data, who’s ready to work with a team of individuals who share your passion. With a related degree under your belt-and maybe even some experience-you’re ready to take your programming and database knowledge to the next level. You enjoy challenging projects involving large data pipelines, cleaning and transforming data, and algorithm development. With your strong analytical skills, unwavering commitment to quality, excellent technical skills, and collaborative work ethic, you’ll do great things here at ZapLabs. What you’ll do: As a Data Scientist, you’ll be responsible for mastering our data and designing the systems which enable us to use it most effectively. You’ll be designing and implementing processes around machine learning, business intelligence, and predictive analytics that meet the needs of millions of agents, brokers, home buyers, and sellers. Your role will involve collaborating with a team of talented engineers, product managers and designers to investigate new data sources, perform data modeling, and deploy new features. Skills, accomplishments, & interests you should have: BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or related technical discipline or equivalent combination of training and experience Proven experience with machine learning/data modeling projects and algorithm development for solving business problems At least 2 years of Data Science/Analytics experience ETL, data cleaning and transformation experience Solid knowledge of Python or R for statistical analysis as well as machine learning solutions (scikit-learn, tensorflow, etc) Confidence working with SQL Excellent analytical, statistical, and troubleshooting skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Nice to haves: Familiarity with Big Data technologies (Hadoop, Spark, Cassandra, HDFS, etc.) is a big plus! Experience with Spark Streaming, Spark MLlib Knowledge of real estate, leads, CRM, commission structures and plans Graduate degree and/or published research in a related field Current experience with Amazon EMR, EC2, S3, Redshift Ability to work quickly with an eye towards the big picture We’re always looking for folks to join our culture of passionate hobbyists! We have a tendency to nerd out on everything from LOTR and Star Wars to competitive baking to our company soccer team, the Lab Rats. LI-LY1 HTF1
 Data Scientist - Brighterion: Brighterion is an award winning Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Company recently acquired by Mastercard. Our innovative cross channel AI solutions are applied in industries such as fintech, investment banking, biotech, and insurance. The team at Brighterion pushes the boundaries of innovation for in pure Artificial Intelligence technologies with a culture focused on delivering the results our clients expect and deserve. The Brighterion Research and Development team is dedicated to keeping Brighterion at the leading edge of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine learning (ML). We are pursuing highly motivated individual who displays strong achievement orientation, resilience, diligence, and the ability to research and innovate to provide the Brighterion model development team with the newest and most efficient technologies. It encompasses the following activities: Familiar with the latest AI and ML technologies Implement prototype ideas using Python or Java and evaluate benefits of new technologies against existing alternative approaches Research best way to leverage new technologies in current modeling pipelines Designs and models improvement of existing AI models with an understanding of business and technical issues Role Read research papers, white papers, article related to AI and ML technologies both from a theoretical standpoint and practical application in the industry. Design and implement prototypes using Python and Java programming language. Research alternative techniques and technologies. If not available in the existing framework, design and implement an approach in Java or Python. Evaluate the prototype against alternative approaches and document the strength and weaknesses. Provide recommendation on how to move forward. Research best configuration parameters of the new AI and ML technologies to provide the optimal outcome for a given vertical. All About You Strong Mathematics background Strong experience in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Programing language: Java, Python Experience with SQL language Problem solver Creative and ingenious BS in computer science or a related field Good communication skills _Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._
Data Scientist, Health Technology: The Company Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is the world’s most comprehensive manufacturer of health care products and a provider of related services for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and professional markets. J&J employs approximately 126,400 people worldwide, deployed across more than 230 operating companies. Our products serve a broad segment of medical needs ranging from baby care, first aid and hospital products to prescription pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, and products relating to family planning, dermatology, and feminine hygiene. Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries have built the most extensive base of health care businesses in the world, generating more than 70 percent of company revenues from No. 1 or No. 2 global leadership positions in their respective markets. Johnson & Johnson is not only the leading health and well-care company in the world, touching over a billion people daily, but also ranks among the ten most diverse and empathetic companies worldwide. While the people, brand, expertise, manufacturing know-how, and extensive ecosystem relationships are all second-to-none, the company’s ambitious mission…to humanize health and wellness care, to help people live better, longer, happier lives, to democratize access to care, and to drive dramatically lower costs…will require bold and innovative applications of technology. The Team The Global Health Technology team ("Health Tech") is a new group created and based in the San Francisco Bay Area to drive strategic adoption of technology across the J&J Enterprise. The team is comprised primarily of experienced operating leaders from successful technology companies. The team partners with commercial and R&D leaders to identify opportunities to use technology to innovatively address health and wellness challenges at global scale, develops strategic and operational plans around those opportunities and executes the applicable product, program, partnership, investment and acquisition needs. Health Tech is comprised of 3 main sub-teams: Strategy & Business Operations, Partnerships & Corporate Development, and Product. The Role As a Data Scientist, you will be part of a team responsible for delivering data-driven, actionable insights that complement and support product, engineering, and marketing across these areas: business unit strategy, business planning and sales operations, and business systems tools and development. The ideal candidate has a passion for solving challenging problems through a deep understanding of consumer behaviors with applied analytics techniques and business insights. You should have robust knowledge of consumer lifecycle and behavior analysis, customer segmentation, digital campaigns and business operations. Responsibilities Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data visualization and data-mining to tell the story behind numbers and derive actionable insights Craft simple, dependable data pipelines and automated reporting to surface metrics Explore data to find actionable insights and make product recommendations through funnels, cohort analysis, long-term trends, user segmentation, regressions models and more Think and work independently, demonstrate creativity and deliver quick results, yet demonstrate a team-player attitude Instrumentation of propensity modeling: query and process big data, integrate volumes of data from multiple internal and external sources Leverage models to address key growth challenges Conceptualize, design and build data-fueled insights to improve analytics for internal and external customers Work closely with other team members and business partners to further develop metrics, KPIs, and insights that provide performance improvement Setting up, analyzing, and promoting good practices for multivariate experiments Synthesizing and communicating insights during the product development process Empowering and guiding others to work effectively and efficiently with data are part of your role Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or other quantitative fields 3+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis for a technology company Proven ability to take complex business analyses and projects from concept to completion and make the results accessible and relevant to business users at all levels. Intellectual and analytical curiosity – initiative to dig into the “why” of various results. Fluency in SQL, as well as a deep understanding of statistical analysis, experimental design and common pitfalls of data analysis Prior experience in data analytics and statistical programming with experience in using statistical tools such as R, SAS, SPSS etc. Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Micro Strategy etc. Experience leading data-driven projects from definition through interpretation and execution Primary Location United States-California-San Francisco Organization Johnson & Johnson (6067) Job Function Info Technology Requisition ID 6282180316
 Data Scientist (All Levels): The Company: Proteus Digital Health® is a privately held company, funded by leading institutional and corporate investors, including Novartis, Otsuka, Oracle and Kaiser Permanente Ventures. Armed with an intellectual property portfolio that includes more than 457 issued patents and led by some of the brightest minds in technology, pharmaceuticals, and healthcare, Proteus is enabling a new category of therapy: Digital Medicine. These offerings include widely used drugs, formulated so they communicate when they have been taken; a wearable patch that detects medicines and captures physiologic response; mobile applications to support patient self-care and physician decision-making; and data analytics to serve the needs of health system managers. The FDA granted its first approval of a Digital Medicine, Abilify Mycite® on November 13, 2017. Abilify Mycite® is a drug-device combination product of Otsuka’s aripiprazole, an atypical antipsychotic, embedded with Proteus’ ingestible sensor that communicates with Proteus’ wearable sensor patch and a smartphone application. The Product: Proteus Discover Proteus Discover is a Digital Medicine offering that measures medication treatment effectiveness and helps physicians, care teams, and patients improve clinical outcomes. Proteus Discover provides the tools needed for health organizations to build patient engagement, efficiency and measurement into the delivery of care, and an opportunity to mitigate the high costs of uncontrolled diseases. Join Us: Come join our unique collection of innovative scientists, engineers, market makers, designers, doctors, developers, clinicians, and other digital health industry pioneers, and assist us with achieving our compelling vision, “Healthcare for Everyone, Everywhere.” Learn more about what we do (video): https://youtu.be/D65XJqKNVvI Summary/ Responsibilities: The data science team works to define, design, develop and test algorithms in the health/wellness space. You will work with multiple data sources, including Proteus' proprietary ingestible and wearable sensors and electronic medical records (EMR) data. Our current projects include: Using EMR data to aid in patient selection for our Proteus Discover products. Analyze treatment data to optimize clinical patient outcomes. Improve the signal processing algorithms of our device and sensor data. Prototype new data product features. Investigate the entire production and clinical product pipeline to pinpoint bottlenecks of growth. Visualize results to drive business decisions. Qualifications: Hands on experience of machine learning and data mining: classification, clustering, time-series analysis, and recommender systems; Must be comfortable working with real data. Strong experience developing data-driven platform technologies, including data modeling, data collection and aggregation, and analytics. Significant statistical knowledge, such as probability theory, multivariate analysis, and sampling. Production level programming skills in Python and PySpark. Experience with database managing systems, such as Hadoop, Hive, SQL, Non-SQL. Experience in agile software development and using repositories like Git. A technical leader who can wrangle and analyze data to generate insights, make proactive recommendations and socialize them to both internal and external stakeholders. Entrepreneurial nature with an appreciation for business opportunities and a strong passion for solving difficult problems. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Passion for technology and the medical device/digital medicine space. Ability to work and enjoy a fast-paced startup type environment. Highly organized with great attention to details. Bonus: Experience in healthcare or wearable devices. Experience using AWS (e.g. Kinesis, Redshift, S3). Previous experience using BI tools like Tableau. Experience with natural language processing, NLP. Education D., MS + 2 years work experience, or B.S. + 4 years work experience in a relevant STEM field (for example physics, EECS, computational biology, math).
Data Science Generalist: Rainforest is changing the way people do QA and data is at the heart of how we do that. We're looking for a Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer with a wide range of competencies. From crowd management and fraud detection to data visualization and automation research, there are myriad opportunities to use your creativity and technical skills. The ideal candidate for this role is also someone who learns quickly and is a great communicator. Since we are a remote, distributed development team, decent writing skills and(over)communication is important to us. We regularly send our data scientists to conferences, both to speak and just learn (e.g. last year we went to NIPS and KDD, this year to Europython and a couple of PyDatas). You can read about some of our work on predicting test run durations and how Kaggle can be useful in the real world. _Read more about the team and culture at Rainforest QA_ _here_ What you’ll do Experiment with the latest algorithms in computer vision, reinforcement learning and various supervised learning problems Design, develop, and own ML products from brainstorming to speccing, implementation and maintenance Research visual understanding of images, including classification, semantic segmentation, and OCR. Develop new computer-vision based products with humans-in-the-loop Ship improvements to existing products daily (we practice fast iterations and CI) Work on fraud detection in crowdsourcing tasks Dive into our tester management algorithms and look for ways you can improve them Experiment with NLP to interpret our natural-language test cases Develop a deep understanding of Rainforest products and empathy for our customers Use your SQL and visualization skills to analyze and answer questions about our product and the way people use it What we’re looking for Knowledge of common data science concepts: different kinds of learning algorithms, ability to validate assumptions in a principled way and to discover correlations and to come up with a defensible experimental design to validate a hypothesis Knowledge of Python including the scientific stack (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, pandas, scikit-learn etc.). TensorFlow/Keras (though if you're already playing with PyTorch we'd gladly learn from you instead!) Enough SQL to efficiently get the data you need from a relational DB Basic knowledge of how the web works: HTTP, web servers, databases. Ability to build a simple CRUD app. Comfort in using the Unix command line and git Curiosity and motivation to think outside the box. When a colleague asks a data-related question, you're the type to try and understand what their underlying problem is and come up with a suitable solution (whether or not it can be solved with data). Someone who stays up-to-date with the latest research in ML/AI, can chat about what they think the next breakthrough will be, and can point to a recent paper that they enjoyed reading Bonus Points For: First-hand experience with designing, building and shipping Deep Learning-based models to production How we’ll reward you (SF) Competitive compensation and stock options 100% Medical, dental, and vision insurance covered (75% for dependents) Daily catered lunch and snacks Subsidized commuter benefits Voluntary 401 k program Generous vacation time Professional development, in-office career coaching, and conference attendance Dog friendly offices Weekly team activities like happy hours, in-office yoga, and much more How we’ll reward you (Remote) Flexible, remote work options Generous vacation time Competitive compensation and stock options Voluntary 401 k program (US only) 100% Medical, dental, and vision insurance covered (US only, 75% for dependents) Professional development, career coaching, and conference attendance 3x per year onsites- we’ll fly you into our beautiful San Francisco office to spend quality time with your teammates! OUR COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION At Rainforest QA we believe that diverse teams improve our business. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, nationality, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 Data Scientist, Digital: A Little Bit About Us... You will be a key part of the Product team that is responsible for conceptualizing, designing and optimizing the customer experience and business technology innovations that drive Williams-Sonoma Inc.'s industry-leading multi-channel retail business. You'll be working with amazing peers, cutting- edge technologies and deep resources to help push the boundaries of product innovation. To learn more about our team, our values and our culture please check out our team site. About the Job... @ WSI Tech we strive to create an empowered, lean, fast-paced delivery culture that is highly responsive to customer needs and tuned to driving optimal outcomes. We are looking for a Rockstar Data Scientist to help drive deep analyses and build models to drive personalization at scale. You'll be working closely with highly talented ML/Data Engineering and Analytics peers to build data-driven solutions that are going to drive major growth for the business and amazing customer experiences. You'll be solving real problems at a fast pace on a day-to-day basis - finding actionable insights that are buried in our terabytes of structured and unstructured data. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high-quality prediction systems integrated with our digital products. Responsibilities include: Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Working with peers to enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Working with ML Engineers to support the processing, cleansing, and verification of the integrity of data used for analysis Doing the ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Building closed-loop ML algorithms to power scaled personalization within the digital experience We think you should be excited about this opportunity because you will... Work on initiatives of incredible opportunity and scale. Directly see how your ideas and efforts positively impact the experience of our customers and the growth of our business. Work in a truly data-driven environment. We practice what we preach. Work at the pace and excitement of a start-up with the resources of a $5 billion company. Be treated like an entrepreneur and expected to bring innovative ideas to the table and execute them to completion. Work with a world-class team with a history of success and reputation for excellence. Why you will love working at Williams-Sonoma, Inc. We're a successful, fast-growing company with an entrepreneurial vibe A technologically and data-driven business Competitive salaries and comprehensive health benefits We're at the forefront of tech and retail, redefining technology for the next generation We're passionate about our internal and external clients and live/breathe the client experience We get to be creative on a daily basis A smart, experienced leadership team that wants to do it right and is open to new ideas We get a killer discount on our amazing products We believe in autonomy and reward taking the initiative We have fun! SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE: Bachelor's Degree at a minimum 4+ years of experience as a Data Scientist An understanding of the Retail/E-Commerce industry and how to apply analytic techniques to solve problems An understanding of supply chain analytics inclusive of manufacturing, sourcing, promising and fulfillment Experience working with Product Managers and Engineers to apply analytics and experimentation to drive iterative experience design decisions Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Collaborative Filtering. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, MatLab, etc. Experience using Python libraries such as NumPy, Pandas, and Scikit-Learn to build Machine Learning Models. Hands-on experience on at least one deep learning framework such as Keras, Theano, TensorFlow, and Caffe. Hands on experience with Recurrent and LSTM networks Knowledge of timeseries models such as ARIMA and ARIMAX. Great communication skills Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL and Hive. Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase, etc. Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills Data-oriented personality Experience working with Spark & Scala to scale ML pipelines preferred.
 Data Scientist, Austin: \----------- Who we are: \----------- We are Code Pilot, a data science company with the mission to change the hiring process. An engineer should be judged on their talent which is why we created Code Pilot portfolio. An intelligent platform where you showcase, validate, and share your skills with hiring managers in real-time. There is no need for a resume, cover letter, phone screen, or technical interview when you build a Code Pilot portfolio. Let your code do the talking. \------------------- We are looking for: \------------------- A new data science team member to support the development of a platform for one of our hiring partners. \------------------------- Responsibilities include: \------------------------- Design and implement data analysis, data mining, research, analysis, modeling strategies and best practices Use analytical expertise to spot key business insights, trends, and opportunities in our vast database Help interpret and communicate your findings in a way that is easily understood by those less familiar with data Collaborate with a dynamic Product and Development team in delivering data products and insights to clients Establish and maintain relationships with distributed cross-functional teams to leverage domain and industry expertise Identify missing and inaccurate data in our platforms; seek out supplements and replacements to improve our data sets to the greatest extent possible Advise teams and clients as a subject matter expert in data science \------------- Requirements: \------------- Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, or Mathematics; or equivalent work experience Relevant, successful professional industry experience Proficiency with database and analysis tools like R, SQL, Python, and others Expertise in statistical modeling, data collection, aggregation, analysis, machine learning, and productization Self-driven passion for finding and collaboratively solving problems Strong understanding of the benefits and flaws in the application of various methods Build your portfolio today: https://mycodepilot.com/candidates ( https://mycodepilot.com/candidates )
 Data Scientist: Job Description Make a Difference Every Day with Team Applied The people of Applied are making a difference every day through innovation and a commitment to help safeguard and protect what matters most. With first-to- market software, mobile and data analytics solutions, Applied is revolutionizing companies to strengthen their position as trusted advisors to clients across the world. Our core values challenge employees to make a difference every day with excellence for customers and support for the communities around us. We believe that success comes from a dynamic working environment that offers professionals an opportunity to grow and succeed alongside extraordinary people. Learn how you can make a difference on Team Applied. Job Summary Applied Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in insurance technology, is currently searching for a Data Scientist to join our IVANS Insurance Solutions Division. In this role, you will be part of a small, fast-paced team comprised of individuals from world class technology and insurance industry firms tasked with the creation of highly innovative products to lead the industry in the digital world. You will be relied upon to find innovative and creative ways to leverage some of the industry’s largest data resources to speed decision-making and growth for hundreds of thousands of insurance professionals and their clients. Responsibilities include: Design and implement data analysis, data mining, research, analysis, modeling strategies and best practices Use analytical expertise to spot key business insights, trends, and opportunities in our vast database Help interpret and communicate your findings in a way that is easily understood by those less familiar with data Collaborate with a dynamic Product and Development team in delivering data products and insights to clients Establish and maintain relationships with distributed cross-functional teams to leverage domain and industry expertise Identify missing and inaccurate data in our platforms; seek out supplements and replacements to improve our data sets to the greatest extent possible Advise teams and clients as a subject matter expert in data science Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, or Mathematics; or equivalent work experience Relevant, successful professional industry experience Proficiency with database and analysis tools like R, SQL, Python, and others Expertise in statistical modeling, data collection, aggregation, analysis, machine learning, and productization Self-driven passion for finding and collaboratively solving problems Strong understanding of the benefits and flaws in the application of various methods Corporate Profile Applied Systems is a leading provider of software that powers the business of insurance. Recognized as a pioneer in agency management systems, insurance organizations rely on the company’s software to manage their clients and policies in a consistent manner to minimize risk, reduce operating expenses, and drive sustainable growth and profitability. Leading the industry in technology innovation, Applied Systems has been at the forefront of data exchange between agencies, brokers, carriers and their clients. Today, the company has more than 1,500 employees with customers throughout the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Ireland. By automating the insurance lifecycle, Applied Systems remains committed to help safeguard what matters most to millions of people around the world. To learn more, please visit www.AppliedSystems.com. Employees feel appreciated at Applied Systems. In addition to a competitive benefits package that starts on the first day of employment, we offer paid time off, a flexible ”Dress for your Day” casual dress code, and an open communication policy. The resulting atmosphere is professional and conducive to productivity, yet comfortable and fun. _Applied Systems welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process._ CB
Data Scientist: Date Opened: 2018-07-30 Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets. Data Scientist, EA Customer Experience WeAreEA and we exist to inspire the world to play. EA values creativity, pioneering, passion, determination, learning, and teamwork. We mean things like acting with curiosity, speaking up with original ideas, and committing to each other as one team. We’re looking for all the best kinds of people to make great experiences for our players. The best people want a job that inspires them, while giving them room to enjoy their lives. And we want to give them that. We celebrate diversity and inclusion by creating a place where you can come to work and be yourself. You’re a Data Scientist. You know how to pull all types of data from any source, be it Facebook posts, call center chats, video likes or survey results. You understand that you have 2 basic jobs: Help our studios understand what problems players have with their games and provide insights that help optimize our call center. Both pursue the ultimate goal of providing the World’s Best Service for the World’s Best Games. You use all resources available to you to help solve a problem, be it a new algorithm, programming language or the person sitting next to you. You’re a programmer/statistician/NLP expert who is fanatic about games and Customer Experiences. You’re also a genuinely nice person who brings positive energy to an office. You’re approachable and take the time to listen so that you understand someone else’s view. This role is part of EA’s Customer Experience organization. The Customer Experience organization strives to make EA known for taking care of its players. We’re players taking care of players and people talking to people – whenever, wherever, and however they need us. We’re the Data Science team, part of the larger Customer Experience Insights team. We are surrounded by Production, BI, SEO and Market Research analysts. We’re the people who use advanced statistics and modeling to help solve business problems. We surface player problems through our text analytics offerings. We write a lot of code and talk to stakeholders from all teams and all levels. We are great team mates and trusted advisors, who provide insights to facilitate decisions and create models that change experiences. A typical day in the life of a Data Scientist: Come into the office and catch up with your team mates about last night’s gaming session or the hottest show on TV (no spoilers until 24hrs have passed – after that: anything is fair game!) Check on last night’s Jenkins script and add some code to a project you’re working on Talk to one of your coworkers on the Call Center side about how to match the right advisor to the right player – this could be your next big project Take some time back at your desk to write up any notes and make a project plan proposal Attend a JIRA prioritization meeting to update work that’s in flight and plan for work to come Grab coffee and read up on any stats blogs or tech news you’re subscribed to Check out the model you deployed into production last month to see if it’s time to re-train Pull the latest changes on an NLP model you’re collaborating on from Stash and tinker with the parameters, then chat with your peer about the results of the tweaks and make plans for what to change next Spend a couple of hours heads down/headphones on getting series with an analysis. Finish the day looking over any code you wrote today, knit any Markdowns and make sure your documentation is up to snuff. So how do Data Scientists make great experiences for players? They: Tell stories with data and interpret results for their stakeholders Prioritize problems to solve based on the impact to the player experience while keeping overall organizational goals in mind Have a basic understanding of EA’s games and find time to play whenever they can Display confidence in communicating with senior management, or any audience, to ensure what they say is heard and understood Identify and lead collaborative efforts both inside and outside of their team; working with key influencers to effect change Tailor communications to their audience, providing either in-depth expertise or a high-level summary depending on the situation Use models and techniques that win on performance and understandability vs. sophistication You’ll need to be awesome at wearing these hats: _Customer Advocate_ – You care what kind of experience our players are having when their games or services don’t work and you want to be an active participant in improving it _Programmer_ – You’re an expert at writing functions and identifying the right language for the right situation _People Analyst_ – You understand that your work contributes to improving people’s lives not predict when a machine is going to break down _Learner_ – You are a regular on Stack Overflow, know how to take apart a Vignette and are always looking for a new project that allows you to put that cutting edge technique to good use you read about last month _Documentation Expert_ – you know just the right level of documentation to help yourself and the next person understand what you did, when and why _Teacher_ – you’re patient and can field questions from the rest of the team around better coding practices _Experiment Designer_ – You can create up an A/B test in your sleep, but you don’t let a less than ideal A/B test set up stop you from finding some answers _NLP fanatic_ – you can turn language into math??? Yeah – that’s the stuff you love! A few last things about how we work, because they’re super important: We chat to each other in Slack We email each other about things that can wait or are just FYI We store all our code on Stash, how-to’s on Confluence and complete analyses on the Knowledge Repo We document our code like we’re going to win the lottery tomorrow and somebody else has to take over We plan and track our work in JIRA so we can avoid duplication with other teams We collaborate with Data Science at HQ to share best practices and exchange findings If you’re interested in this role, you’ll need these skills or experiences: 3 to 5 years’ experience in Data Science with focus on NLP Master’s in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research or related field (we will consider a Bachelor’s degree with significant relevant experience) Expert in at least one Statistical Programming Language such as R or Python Experience with relational and distributed databases Experience with any of the following is a big plus: PySpark, Scala, Zepplin Notebooks, Spark and MLlib as well as application development using AWS, Virtual Machines, or Docker Gaming industry and customer support experience a plus What’s in it for you? Glad you asked! We love to brag about our great perks like comprehensive health and benefit packages, tuition reimbursement, 401k company match and, of course, many other perks! And since we realize it takes world-class people to make world-class games, we offer competitive compensation packages and a culture that thrives off of creativity and individuality. At EA, we live the “work hard/play hard” credo every day. More about our location: https://www.ea.com/careers/careers-overview/austin EA is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.
Data Scientist: About BlackLocus BlackLocus is building cloud-based analytic tools to optimize and automate retail merchandising decisions such as pricing, assortment, space and fulfillment. By applying machine learning and revenue management techniques, the BlackLocus platform enables intelligent retail software to identify opportunities for competitive advantage. The company was a venture-funded startup, founded by Carnegie Mellon alumni and entrepreneurs with a passion for creative deployment of new technology. Acquired by The Home Depot in December of 2012, we operate with autonomy as a product lab from an office located in downtown Austin, TX. Job Summary A BlackLocus Data Scientist solves difficult business problems with advanced statistical analytics and optimization. They are responsible for full life cycle of analytics and take the solution from concept to final prototype. Working with resources in engineering, product and services along with other members of the data science team, they deliver a solution in the shortest amount of time. Data Scientists are expected to contribute to projects as hands on expert level resource, capable of synthesizing the business requirements, nuances of the data available and analytic techniques to help create best in class solution. Requirements Master’s degree in the domain of data science 2+ years experience in statistical modeling professional or course work Responsibilities Work with merchants and other business experts to define an distill requirements for analytic solutions Design analytic solutions leveraging advanced statistical modeling and optimization that are best suited to solve the business problems Provide thought leadership and establish a technical strategy and roadmap for advanced analytics Communicate timely and effectively both verbal and written to the peers, team, managers, and others at Home Depot Stay current with advancements in optimization, statistical modeling, programming techniques and advocates them where appropriate Benefits Excellent work-life balance Comprehensive benefit package Competitive base and bonus package Generous PTO policy 401(k) eligible for matching company contribution after one year Restricted stock grants and Employee Stock Purchase Program Stocked kitchen with healthy snacks, tons of drinks, and an espresso maker Lots of team events including weekly catered lunches, happy hours, and other fun outings Located in the heart of downtown Austin with garage parking provided The Home Depot is an Equal Opportunity Employer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: BlackLocus and The Home Depot are Equal Opportunity/M/F/Vet/Disabled Employers. Available positions may vary by location. Bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply. ©2005-2018 Home Depot Product Authority, LLC. All rights reserved. Know your rights. Click here to view Federal labor law posters. [https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__cdn-2Dstatic.findly.com_wp-2Dcontent_uploads_sites_129_2016_08_FederalApplicantPosters-5F072216.pdf&d;=DwMFAg&c;=9tmmt9jW9iYtnQErYe7MghIMXo3P4lZgHZz2ojJyVho&r;=-XOlMmHkTMrD1DhReOTTh6idvJj- tUXBvTNtsgDUkPY&m;=iGAmDKRTa6xbSHjTfytkTMOlpORb-91gVjEynXZxzNA&s;=vtytJwx- MlMyfr1u0USYcGFimRZ-3tb3dZEFHOZaWus&e;=]
 Data Scientist: You will help push the limits of machine learning as a key member of the data science team, whose responsibilities range from implementing highly optimized machine learning algorithms for lower-power environments to high level user studies. You will have the opportunity to carry a project suiting your skills and interests from conception to deployment. Low power gesture recognition, routine and activity recommendation, model personalization, and improved form analysis.
Data Scientist: About SHI _Innovative Solutions. World Class Support._ Headquartered in Somerset, NJ, SHI International Corp. has transformed itself from a $1 million “software-only” regional reseller into a $8.5 billion+ global provider of technology products and services. Privately-held and under the guidance of its current ownership since 1989, SHI has experienced tremendous growth in size and scope. Its organic growth and over two decades of stability are a direct result of backing a highly-skilled, tenured sales force with software volume licensing experts, hardware procurement specialists and certified IT services professionals. SHI offers custom IT solutions for every aspect of your environment from software and hardware procurement to deployment planning, configuration, data center optimization, mobility and IT asset management. SHI supports their clients from over 30 offices throughout the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Germany, France and Hong Kong. SHI’s goal is to foster long-term, mutually-beneficial relationships with its customers and partners, every day. What SHI Can Offer: World Class Facility includes on site gyms, restaurants and community events Ongoing opportunities for personal and professional growth and development due to our strong promote from within philosophy Work in an up-beat, creative, and fun environment Benefits, include medical, vision, dental, 401K, and flexible spending Supportive Management and Leadership Job Description/Overview SHI is looking for a data scientist with a proven track-record to join the Business Insights team. The perfect fit will have experience analyzing large data sets for trends and insights that deliver value to the organization in a meaningful way. Responsibilities/Job Function Discover information hidden in large amounts of data Work with Nousot AI to mine data for opportunity management Work closely with business managers to tie behaviors to data Mine current data based on requests from business leaders Work with Data Integrity analyst to ensure data is clean & in a usable format Work with Technology analyst install new fields & common language in applications Build consistent, repeatable ways to uncover & manage outputs to Sales Leadership. Qualifications/Minimum Skills Required Completed BA Required, Masters preferred 5 years min experience within the field of Data Analysis; mining/managing complex data in addition to a strong knowledge of statistics and data analysis High working knowledge of XLSTAT or comparable statistical analysis tool. Natural curiosity to understand what drives results Ability to manage large data sets and generate hypothesis’ for business leaders to answer Min 5 years of strong applied statistics skills: distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Exceptional written/verbal communication skills Proven drive for results Detail-oriented Organized Advanced Microsoft Skills (Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) _Equal Employment Opportunity – M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status_
 Head of Data: EverlyWell provides direct-to-consumer home health tests with easy-to-read and actionable results. We are at the forefront of personalized health, transforming the $25B lab testing industry. We’re here to empower people to take control of their health by making lab testing easy to access, understand, and afford. We’re hiring a Head of Data to help us build the technology, culture, and discipline we need to scale and delight our customers. At EverlyWell, you’ll help us design and implement a 3-step plan. First, we need to build a data pipeline and data lake schema to make reporting and analytics simple for analysts and decision-makers across the company. Next, we need descriptive and predictive models that give us deeper insight into key business questions, and ultimately we’ll build data products that directly deliver value. This is a key position on our Leadership team, reporting directly to the CEO. Initially, we expect you to roll up your sleeves to help us meet immediate needs centered around understanding our consumers. As you develop a deeper understanding of our opportunities, needs, and culture, we will look to you to help hire and develop a world-class team of data scientists and engineers. We collaborate, innovate, believe office politics hinder success, and are results-oriented. If you’re able to visualize the opportunity and the impact you might make here, let’s talk! As the Head of Data at EverlyWell, you’ll… Help craft the strategic vision for data monetization throughout the internal decision making process AND external to the organization Ensure access to clean and usable data for decision makers across the company Help us instill a culture that relies only on accurate, relevant, and real-time data Build production grade models on large-scale data sets Optimize and implement our data pipeline Hire and mentor a team Represent the data-related opportunities and needs to the company Utilize complex mathematical models and statistical methods to inform company strategy For the Head of Data, we’re looking for… Master’s degree or higher in CS, applied statistics, economics, math 10+ years management consulting or tech A balance of economic, big picture thinking, with proven ability to drive results Superb communication skills. You have to be able to explain your approach and the potential impact of your work to non-technical stakeholders in a way that resonates Strong analytical skills Innate curiosity Experience designing and building data engineering projects and ETL workflows We love working here because… Venture backed by top-tier firms The opportunity ahead knows no bounds Open vacation policy Employee discounts Paid parental leave Health benefits 401(k) EverlyWell is committed to providing equal employment opportunities in all employment practices. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, age, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. HIPAA Disclaimer: This role will be in an environment that has access to protected health information (PHI) and all security standards to protect PHI must be followed.
 Data Scientist: Responsibilities As a Data Scientist, you will support our customer’s mission looking for new and innovative ways of discovering devices, classifying devices, and extracting pattern-of-life from non-traditional sensors (including cyber network data). Work with a variety of structured/unstructured data sources. Produce novel research into anomaly detection, classification, discovery, and pattern-of-life from non-traditional sensor sources. Apply statistical processes and formulas to solve critical mission needs by extracting information from raw sources of non-traditional sensor data. Communicate findings to a non-technical audience of decision makers. Collaborate with an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, software engineers, dev ops engineers, and subject matter experts. Qualifications Required Skills: 7+ years’ experience applying quantitative/statistical principles to multiple types of data Experience applying machine learning algorithms to large (TB/PB scale) data sets Recognized key contributor to a previous data-driven project Ability to produce fundamental research results and objectives with minimal technical supervision Proven expertise in identifying salient machine learning algorithms to apply to new types of data with actionable results Location: Austin, TX Clearance: Must be able to obtain and maintain a clearance, TS/SCI eligible KeyW is an EEO employer. We are committed to providing fair and equal employment consideration, regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. About the Organization KeyW is a pure-play national security solutions provider for the Intelligence, Cyber and Counterterrorism Communities' toughest challenges. We support the collection, processing, analysis and dissemination of information across the full spectrum of their missions. We employ and challenge more than 2,000 of the most talented professionals in the industry with solving such complex problems as preventing cyber threats, transforming data into intelligence and combating global terrorism.
Data Scientist - Marketing: We are looking for excellent Data Scientists to join our growing 20+ strong team. This position focuses on the measurement and optimization of advertising expenditure, so it is a good fit for those with backgrounds such as operations research, economics and marketing science, however we will consider qualified candidates from any technical background. This role will work closely with our marketing team to drive traffic to our massive e-commerce marketplace. The statistical learning algorithms you develop will impact tens of millions of dollars of advertising each year. What you’ll do: Understand media mix modeling, data driven attribution supporting TV, SEM, Display, Social. Understand how programmatic marketing advertising works. Optimize advertising based on user feedback from online ads. Build machine learning-based segmentation/cohort models. Develop novel marketing relevant testing strategies. Stay at the state of the art in advertising measurement by attending at the top conferences. Day-to-Day responsibilities include: Work on larger programs/initiatives encompassing several projects that have a company-wide impact. Apply best-in-class machine learning techniques to solve the business problem at hand. Produce novel insights with machine learning to inform company strategy. Assist others with data discovery and data preparation phase. Help build the core feedback loops to optimize advertising expenditure. Work end-to-end on studio projects that you conceive, develop and land as a winner in the company. Who You Are: 3+ years of experience in Data Science and analytics fields. Experience in Experience with programming languages such as R, Python, or Scala Experience in processing and analyzing large scale data volumes, semi-structured and unstructured data and near real-time throughput. Experience applying the right ML model to solve business problems. Ability and passion to learn new techniques to stay on the cutting edge. Experience working in Hadoop ecosystem. Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL. Good storytelling and presentation skills i.e be able to present business side of the story that data presents to c-team and business leaders. Masters or Ph.D in Statistics, Math, Computer Science or other quantitative field. Required Skills and Qualifications: BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience You should have 5+ years of professional software development experience Ability to mentor junior engineers Good foundation of Agile principles and practices Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to work well across multiple departments An analytical problem solver that is passionate about delivering a high quality user experience Benefits & Perks: Competitive health and insurance benefits. Competitive salary. Annual target bonus or commission. Parental leave for up to 20 weeks (dependent on eligibility). Paid vacation and sick time. Vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit). Employee Stock Purchase Program. Free snacks and beverages. Frequent company update talks with our leadership team. Free listing on HomeAway.com. Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk. Discounted Metro & Rail pass. Casual dress. Why join us: Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people. We are the world's travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable, passionate, and creative people in our business. Our brands recognize the power of travel to break down barriers and make people's lives better – that responsibility inspires us to be the place where exceptional people want to do their best work, and to provide them to tools to do so. Whether you're applying to work in engineering or customer support, marketing or lodging supply, at Expedia Group we act as one team, working towards a common goal; to bring the world within reach. We relentlessly strive for better, but not at the cost of the customer. We act with humility and optimism, respecting ideas big and small. We value diversity and voices of all volumes. We are a global organization but keep our feet on the ground so we can act fast and stay simple. Our teams also have the chance to give back on a local level and make a difference through our corporate social responsibility program, Expedia Cares. Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Egencia®, trivago®, HomeAway®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Wotif®, lastminute.com.au®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Hotwire®, Classic Vacations®, Expedia® Media Solutions, CarRentals.com™, Expedia Local Expert®, Expedia® CruiseShipCenters®, SilverRail Technologies, Inc., ALICE and Traveldoo®. About HomeAway: HomeAway , a world leader in the vacation rental industry, is the place to book beach houses, cabins, and condos with more than two million places to stay in 190 countries. The site makes it easy to find and book the perfect vacation rental for any getaway, often for less than the cost of traditional hotel accommodations. HomeAway is part of the Expedia Group family of brands. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Data Scientist - TX: You will work closely with product managers and industry experts to identify the best value case for data science-based control products. You will be responsible for delivering and reporting on performance of models and algorithms that operate in a scalable manner to improve industrial control and efficiency. You will work closely with engineering, design, and product teams to help define the best application and configuration of our technology to bring value to the customer. Role & Responsibilities As a Data Scientist at Kelvin you’ll be part of a small but impactful team as you help us evolve the next generation of control. In your role you’ll analyze process data, identify patterns, and use physics-, statistics-, and data science-based approaches to build intelligent control systems for industrial machinery in the oil & gas industry. You will work closely with product managers and industry experts to identify the best value case for data science-based control products. You will be responsible for delivering and reporting on performance of models and algorithms that operate in a scalable manner to improve industrial control and efficiency. You will work closely with engineering, design, and product teams to help define the best application and configuration of our technology to bring value to the customer. You’ll Fit Right In If... You love data You are excited about improving industrial operational efficiency by applying data science to industrial control problems You thrive a fast paced technical environment You are a self-starter, enjoy driving your own project from start to finish, and are comfortable setting your own goals You operate best in a close-knit, high performing team You are at ease when interfacing with people with a wide range of technical backgrounds You forever strive to improve the products and processes you work on You enjoy the challenges of complex problems and tackle them with the view to succeed immediately and build tools for yourself for next time Requirements PhD (in a physical science, math, computer science, or engineering), or > 5 years of work experience in a research setting Mastery of scientific method Must be fluent programmer, especially in Python Strong statistics and mathematics background Solid understanding of the challenges and best practices in dataset management Demonstrated understanding of data cleaning and data analysis methodology Strong understanding of techniques for mathematical modeling of physical systems Experience with classical optimization is a plus Strong leadership skills Detail-oriented work habits Excellent communication skills
Data Scientist ll: About us: HomeAway, based in Austin, Texas, is the world leader in vacation rentals with more than 2 million unique places to stay in 190 countries, and is a part of the Expedia, Inc. family of brands. HomeAway offers an extensive selection of vacation rental homes that provide travelers with memorable experiences and benefits, especially more room to relax, for less than the cost of traditional hotel accommodations. The company also makes it easy for vacation rental owners and property managers to advertise their properties and manage bookings online. We are looking for excellent Data Scientists to join our growing 20+ strong team. This position focuses on the measurement and optimization of our search relevance and ranking algorithms, so it is a good fit for those with backgrounds in information retrieval, recommender systems, economics and learning to rank. This role will work closely with our ranking development team to improve conversion originating from traveler searches. The statistical learning algorithms you develop will impact tens of millions of traveler searches a year. < Challenges to work on: Modifying ranking algorithms to support a healthy marketplace with dynamic commissions. Create models to understand traveler preferences with respect to price, geography, traveler preferences, images, and amenities Spatial modeling of supply value Responsibilities: Work on larger programs/initiatives encompassing several projects that have a company-wide impact Apply best-in-class machine learning techniques to solve the business problem at hand Produce novel insights with machine learning to inform company strategy Assist others with data discovery and data preparation phase Help build the core feedback loops and incentive structures in our marketplace. Attend conferences and read papers to stay on top of advancements in the field Qualifications: 2+ years of experience in Data Science and analytics fields Experience with programming languages such as R, Python, or Scala Experience in processing and analyzing large scale data volumes, semi-structured and unstructured data and near real-time throughput Experience applying the right ML model to solve business problems Ability and passion to learn new techniques to stay on the cutting edge. Experience working in the AWS and Hadoop ecosystems Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL Good storytelling and presentation skills i.e be able to present business side of the story that data presents to c-team and business leaders Masters or Ph.D in Statistics, Math, Computer Science, Economics or other quantitative field Benefits: Competitive health and insurance benefits. Competitive salary. Annual target bonus or commission. Paid vacation and sick time. Vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit). Employee Stock Purchase Program. Free snacks and beverages. Frequent company update talks with our leadership team. Free listing on HomeAway.com Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk. Discounted Metro & Rail pass. “We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.”
 Data Scientist 4, Poker: Zynga’s data science team uses our unique and expansive data to model and predict user behavior, making our games more personalized and more fun to play! We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them and increased social engagement within our games. Here’s where you would come in: identify and formalize problems predicting user behavior. Then create and implement your models to find solutions. Be innovative, be creative, use every bit of that key commodity – data. Millions of people play Zynga games every day, so our data is tremendously rich and we have a lot of it! We will rely on you to communicate your findings to your peers – both technical and non-technical. Your solutions will need to be demonstrably impactful and visual. You will work with our game teams to put your models into production. Responsibilities: Work with large amounts of data to identify opportunities that would help improve the experience that Zynga provides to its players Apply predictive modeling and Data Mining techniques for a variety of user modeling tasks within Zynga’s Game Network Work closely with game teams to design, test, verify and implement statistical models with Zynga’s games that impact the daily life of millions of users Behavior modeling, including the ability to determine where our current player action logging needs improvement Automated flagging of players for fraud investigation Correlating data points from in-game complaints against players Required Skills and Experience: BA in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, or other quantitative field; Masters or PhD strongly preferred 3+ years of work experience in data science or analytics roles Experience with some or all of the following: data mining, predictive modeling, statistics, experimental design, computational analytics, econometric modeling, data visualization, bot detection Fluent in SQL Fluent in R and/or Python Experience working with large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment Ability to work independently to get an idea from inception to implementation, including knowledge of techniques for validation and testing Strong experience with programming Strong written and oral communication skills Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities Ability to collaborate effectively with engineers, product managers, analysts, business, and marketing functions Strong business acumen Excellent client management skills
 Data Analyst: Job Description Make a Difference Every Day with Team Applied The people of Applied are making a difference every day through innovation and a commitment to help safeguard and protect what matters most. With first-to- market software, mobile and data analytics solutions, Applied is revolutionizing companies to strengthen their position as trusted advisors to clients across the world. Our core values challenge employees to make a difference every day with excellence for customers and support for the communities around us. We believe that success comes from a dynamic working environment that offers professionals an opportunity to grow and succeed alongside extraordinary people. Learn how you can make a difference on Team Applied. Job Summary Applied Systems, Inc., a worldwide leader in insurance technology, is currently searching for a Data Analyst to join our IVANS Insurance Solutions Division. In this role, you will be part of a small, fast-paced team comprised of individuals from world class technology and insurance industry firms tasked with the creation of highly innovative products to lead the industry in the digital world. Working closely with our Data Architect and Data Scientist, you will be responsible for utilizing Power BI to curate and analyze data. You will review data sets for trends, with the goal of finding creative ways to solve our clients’ problems. Additional responsibilities include: Manipulating data and creating reports Use analytical expertise to spot key business insights, trends, and opportunities in our vast database Help interpret and communicate your findings in a way that is easily understood by those less familiar with data Establish and maintain relationships with distributed cross-functional teams to leverage domain and industry expertise Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, or Mathematics; or equivalent work experience 5+ years of relevant, successful data analysis experience Experience in Power BI, Tableau, or similar BI reporting tools SQL experience required, with SQL Server exposure preferred; experience with R a plus Self-driven passion for finding and collaboratively solving problems Corporate Profile Applied Systems is a leading provider of software that powers the business of insurance. Recognized as a pioneer in agency management systems, insurance organizations rely on the company’s software to manage their clients and policies in a consistent manner to minimize risk, reduce operating expenses, and drive sustainable growth and profitability. Leading the industry in technology innovation, Applied Systems has been at the forefront of data exchange between agencies, brokers, carriers and their clients. Today, the company has more than 1,500 employees with customers throughout the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and Ireland. By automating the insurance lifecycle, Applied Systems remains committed to help safeguard what matters most to millions of people around the world. To learn more, please visit www.AppliedSystems.com. Employees feel appreciated at Applied Systems. In addition to a competitive benefits package that starts on the first day of employment, we offer paid time off, a flexible ”Dress for your Day” casual dress code, and an open communication policy. The resulting atmosphere is professional and conducive to productivity, yet comfortable and fun. _Applied Systems welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process._
Data Scientist II: Yield Optimization: HomeAway, a world leader in the vacation rental industry, is the place to book beach houses, cabins, and condos with more than two million places to stay in 190 countries. The site makes it easy to find and book the perfect vacation rental for any getaway, often for less than the cost of traditional hotel accommodations. HomeAway is part of the Expedia Group family of brands. Opportunity: We are looking for excellent Data Scientists to join our growing 20+ strong team. This position focuses on yield optimization and dynamic pricing, so it is a good fit for those with backgrounds such as operations research, economics and applied mathematics. This role will work closely with our marketplace design team to help boost efficiency and profitability on our massive e-commerce marketplace. The statistical learning algorithms you develop will affect billions of dollars of transactions every year. Challenges To Work On: Understand supply and demand based on rich features sets that very across space and time Modifying ranking algorithms to support a healthy marketplace with dynamic commissions Model demand curves in a high-dimensional space using modern techniques such as deep learning Develop mechanisms to dynamically trigger supply Optimal pricing Spacial modeling of supply value Responsibilities: Work on larger programs/initiatives encompassing several projects that have a company-wide impact Apply best-in-class machine learning techniques to solve the business problem at hand Produce novel insights with machine learning to inform company strategy Assist others with data discovery and data preparation phase Help build the core feedback loops and incentive structures in our marketplace Work end-to-end on “studio projects” that you conceive, develop and land as a winner in the company Attend conferences and read papers to stay on top of advancements in the field Qualifications: Experience with programming languages such as R, Python, or Scala Experience in processing and analyzing large scale data volumes, semi-structured and unstructured data and near real-time throughput Experience applying the right ML model to solve business problems Ability and passion to learn new techniques to stay on the cutting edge Experience working in Hadoop ecosystem Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL Experience using visualization tools such as Tableau and Datameer Good storytelling and presentation skills i.e be able to present business side of the story that data presents to c-team and business leaders Masters or Ph.D in Statistics, Operations Research, Math, Computer Science or other quantitative field Benefits & Perks: Competitive health and insurance benefits. Competitive salary. Annual target bonus or commission. Paid vacation and sick time. Vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit). Employee Stock Purchase Program. Free snacks and beverages. Frequent company update talks with our leadership team. Free listing on HomeAway.com. Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk. Discounted Metro & Rail pass. Casual dress. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
DATA SCIENTIST BL LAB: Data Scientist will develop the analytical infrastructure and computational capabilities that drive decision making and maximize the organizations profitability. By partnering with business leaders and software engineers to leverage company and industry data, the data scientist will develop predictive systems and algorithms for identifying trends and providing business solutions. The Data Scientist is an integral part of the Pricing Team. The data scientists team's primary focus is driving data analytics and predictive modeling on large datasets to extract meaningful business information using statistics and machine learning techniques. MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITIES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 50% Design and develop algorithms and models to use against large datasets to create business insights. 20% Establishing scalable, efficient processes for large scale data analyses, model development, and model implementation 20% Solve problems creatively with strategic insights. Leverage data to present a compelling business case to optimize price points. 10% Remain knowledgeable on advancements in data science and machine learning. Identify opportunities to apply learnings. NATURE AND SCOPE Position reports to Sr Data Science BL Lab No direct reports ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS Environment: Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable. Travel: Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Must be eighteen years of age or older. Must be legally permitted to work in the United States. Education Required: The knowledge, skills, and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a PhD program in a field of study related to the job. Years of Relevant Work Experience: 4 years Physical Requirements: Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles. Additional Qualifications: PhD in Computer Science, Math or related quantitative field. Expert knowledge in manipulating massive datasets, statistical analysis, and predictive modeling. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in data mining, data analysis, and predictive modeling Previous work experience in business intelligence and data analytics Proven experience utilizing statistical techniques to identify key insights from data to solve business problems Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: Ability to build scalable systems that analyze huge data sets and make actionable recommendations Strong communication and data presentation skills Ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools and techniques Flexible and responsive; able to perform in a fast-paced, dynamic, decision- making environment and meet aggressive timelines
Engineering Scientist - Sediment and Ocean Acoustics Researcher: Purpose Design experiments and models to further the understanding of acoustic propagation and scattering in underwater environments including shallow water, areas with benthic biology, and areas with ice cover. Essential Functions Model acoustic propagation and scattering in underwater environments. Design, implement and analyze data from experiments to understand acoustic propagation and scattering in underwater environments. Supervise and advise students on the graduate and undergraduate level. Document results in the form of technical reports, archival papers, and presentations directly to sponsors and at peer reviews and conferences. Participate in preparation of proposals and sponsorship and budget management. Marginal/Incidental functions Other related functions as assigned. Required qualifications Bachelor's degree in engineering, math or physics and three years of applied research experience. Experience related to modeling underwater acoustics and design of underwater acoustics experiments. Experience with modeling software packages such as Matlab and COMSOL and general knowledge of UNIX. Demonstrated knowledge in the following areas: acoustic scattering, acoustic response of underwater objects and acoustic propagation. US Citizen: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position. Evidence of skills in the following areas: working with new technologies, being highly organized, planning and coordinating multiple tasks, effective time management, attention to detail, effective problem solving skills, using excellent judgment, working independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintaining a professional demeanor, working as a team member without daily supervision, effectively communicating with diverse groups of clients, working under pressure, and accepting supervision. Preferred Qualifications Doctorate degree in engineering, math, or physics. Experience with finite element modeling of underwater acoustic scattering and propagation. Cumulative GPA of 3.0. Working conditions May work in all weather conditions May work in extreme temperatures May work around standard office conditions May work around electrical and mechanical hazards Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation Use of manual dexterity Some weekend, evening and holiday work. May work in shared, windowless office space. Possible intrastate/interstate/foreign travel. Participation in field tests. A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position. The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification form, I-9. You will be required to present acceptable, original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Information from the documents will be submitted to the federal E-Verify system for verification. Documents must be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in dismissal. UT Austin is a Tobacco-free Campus
 Senior Data Scientist: At RetailMeNot we believe that gaining valuable insights using our data is core to our future success. Our Data Science team is seeking a Senior NLP Data Scientist to drive search-oriented modeling and automated language processing to make savings opportunities more discoverable by consumers. In this role you will collaborate with a multidisciplinary team of data scientists, software engineers, data engineers, business analysts, product managers, and other internal customers to find the best opportunities to apply data science in RetailMeNot's business. You will lead key initiatives through development, iterative experimentation, and productization of winning solutions. We can provide you access to large-scale master and analytics data sets; in return you will see the application and impact of your work to millions of users. Do you love working with people, taking on these new challenges, working in an energizing environment and using data to tackle large and impactful problems? We have tons of work to be done, so let’s get started. Who You Are You have an MS/PhD in NLP, computational linguistics, machine learning, applied mathematics, or related quantitative field or a related technical discipline You have a deep knowledge of natural language processing, text mining and statistics Have a track record of building scalable and robust personalized search engines preferably in the retail space You bring specific experience in Neural Networks, preferably RNNs, LSTMs and Deep Learning You have experience with Topic Modeling, Parsing, Semantic Composition and Relationship Extraction Experience in productization of machine learning algorithms You have the ability to apply a pragmatic approach to problem solving, establishing conceptual connections to data sources, understanding relationships among data, and comfort with uncertainties/approximations You have great communication and collaboration skills What You'll Do You'll use machine learning and NLP techniques to design and develop system for search You'll design and implement scalable algorithms and models, as well as repeatable workflows You'll develop and code software programs, algorithms and automated processes to interpret unstructured textual data from various sources and contexts You'll communicate effectively to different audiences, both technical and non-technical, through good storytelling and data visualization You'll mentor junior engineers/scientists on data science techniques, process, and new technologies Stay ahead of new technologies. Technologies we use today include: TensorFlow, Spark, JanusGraph, Python, and Elasticsearch Who We Are We have an open environment where engineers are given a lot of responsibility and the freedom to make a huge impact We have lots of smart people to work with and learn from We work on large scale challenges with a variety of technologies We have a great open vacation policy We'll provide you with food, food, and more food We believe in giving prizes, bonuses, and recognition for doing what you enjoy Rewards We offer an opportunity to be an integral part of a company that eagerly pursues disruption in its space to continue to drive innovation and lead the competition. Benefits of being an employee of RetailMeNot, Inc. include, but are not limited to the following: Competitive base & bonus packages; salary negotiable Long Term Incentive Plan Performance based rewards & recognition for your hard work and service Very competitive benefits packages, including best-in-class parental leave Open & flexible PTO Cell phone & gym membership reimbursements Fully stocked break room & onsite catered breakfasts & lunches multiple days/week About Us RetailMeNot, Inc. is a leading digital savings destination connecting consumers with retailers, restaurants and brands, both online and in-store. The company enables consumers across the globe to find hundreds of thousands of digital offers to save money while they shop or dine out. U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Information Individuals seeking employment at RetailMeNot, Inc. are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us align with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.
 Data Scientist: If you’re ready to innovate and help lead the development for Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s (HPE) Analytics Platform, come join us now! You will be part of an organization that is revolutionizing reporting solutions and architecting a data and analytics landscape that is simplified, modern, flexible and will ultimately enable HPE on its transformation journey and beyond. Job Overview: We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. Responsibilities: Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develop testing framework and test model quality. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Education and Experience Required: We’re looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools: Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL, etc. Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Hadoop, Hive, Spark, MySQL, etc. Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders Experience with RapidMiner is a plus Knowledge and Skills: Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. LI-TL1 This job is eligible for an Employee Referral Bonus of $3,000. To refer an external candidate, please use the link below. Thank you https://content.int.hpe.com/sites/GblEmployeeReferral/GlobalEmployeeReferralPage.page Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities. HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to the use of arrest and conviction records, including the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and similar laws and will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.
Multi-Int Data Scientist: Job Description Ticom Geomatics, a CACI Company, delivers industry leading Signals Intelligence and Electronic Warfare (SIGINT/EW) products that enable our nation’s tactical warfighters to effectively utilize distributed grids of networked sensors, assets, and platforms for a variety of critical national security driven missions. We are looking for talented, passionate Engineers, Scientists, and Developers who are excited about using state of the art technologies to build user- centric products with a profound impact to the US defense and intelligence community. We are seeking to grow our highly capable engineering teams to build the best SIGINT products in the world. The successful candidate is an individual who is never satisfied with continuing with the status quo just because “it’s the way things have always been done”. Offices for this opportunity are in Austin, TX. For those outside of the Austin area, relocation assistance may be considered on a case by case basis. What You’ll Get to Do: As a Multi-Int Data Scientist, you will be responsible for analysis, design, development, and test of complex systems in the Signal Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) and Electronic Warfare (EW) domain. You will be a critical member of our product development team and will work as a part of an agile software development lifecycle to design, build, and analyze software that may span from enterprise to embedded sensor applications. You will take an active role in defining how to incorporate innovative data-driven techniques into our processing stack. If you are someone who takes pride in solving complex problems, this is the role for you. You should be passionate about finding innovative ways to incorporate data driven, analytical techniques to continuously improve our products. More About this Role: Duties and Responsibilities: Design and develop analytical tools and software while employing best practices such as proper unit testing Profile, analyze, and optimize implemented software to decrease latency in returning final product to end user while maintaining accuracy in product Prepare engineering analysis of projects and contribute technical content to proposal and planning efforts. Collaborate with hardware or software designers/engineers and analysts to develop, analyze, evaluate, and improve performance of the hardware, software, and systems which create our products Conduct rigorous statistical analysis for large sets of intelligence products (e.g., SIGINT, FISINT, ELINT, and PROFORMA) for purposes of quality assurance as well as design of improved collection/processing methods Optimize intelligence collection software algorithms Troubleshoot, root cause, and fix software and systems to include raw data analysis, networking, and configuring complex systems Define statistical metrics which quantify the performance of collection assets, processing algorithms, and data types. Design and implement software to calculate the defined metrics. You’ll Bring These Qualifications: Education & Experience: Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or equivalent and a minimum of 5 years of related experience Required Skills: Requires 2-4 years of in one or more mathematical scripting languages such as MATLAB, Python, Scilab, etc Willingness to research, determine, learn, and apply the best technology for a given application. Linux/Unix proficiency Strong foundation in object oriented programing Strong mathematical/statistical skills with understanding of Stochastic processes and Bayesian statistics Strong foundation in data analysis, inspecting and modeling data to improve current systems or design new systems Familiarity with version control software such as SVN or GIT US Citizenship required along with the ability to secure and retain a security clearance. These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have: Familiarity with digital signal processing associated with modern signals Experience with statistical modeling and machine learning software (. Python Statistical and ML libraries, R, Stan, etc) Background in Big Data management Experience in NoSQL data stores such as MongoDB Background or interest in data-driven decision making and analytics (predictive analytics, probabilistic methods, statistical analysis) Experience with a DevOps process Familiarity with dependency management tools such as Maven Active DoD clearance Candidates who meet previous requirements with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or equivalent and have greater than 5 years of experience will also be considered. Familiarity with software defined radio (SDR) and related signal processing concepts Familiarity with Radio Frequency (RF) concepts What We can Offer You: We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post. Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives. We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities. We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities. For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success. Ticom Geomatics (TGI) is a subsidiary of CACI International, Inc. in Austin, Texas with ~200 employees.” We’ve recently been named by Austin American Statesman as one of the Top Places to Work in Austin. We are an industry leader in interoperable, mission-ready Time and Frequency Difference of Arrival (T/FDOA) Precision Geolocation systems and produce diverse portfolio of Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) products spanning small lightweight sensors, rack-mounted deployments, cloud-based solutions which are deployed across the world. The commitment of our employees to "Engineering Results" is the catalyst that has propelled TGI to becoming a leader in software development, R&D, sensor development, and signal processing. Our engineering teams are highly adept at solving complex problems with the application of leading-edge technology solutions. Our work environment is highly focused yet casual with flexible schedules that enable each of our team members to achieve the work life balance that works for them. We provide highly competitive benefits package including a generous 401(k) contribution and Paid Time Off (PTO) policy. See additional positions at: http://careers.caci.com/page/show/TGIJobs Job Location US-Austin-TX-AUSTIN CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Senior - Data Scientist: EY delivers unparalleled service in big data, business intelligence, and digital analytics built on a blend of custom-developed methods related to customer analytics, data visualization, and optimization. We leverage best practices and a high degree of business acumen that has been compiled over years of experience to ensure the highest level of execution and satisfaction for our clients. At EY, our methods are not tied to any specific platforms but rather arrived at by analyzing business needs and making sure that the solutions delivered meet all client goals. The opportunity You will help our clients navigate the complex world of modern data science and analytics. We’ll look to you to provide our clients with a unique business perspective on how data science and analytics can transform and improve their entire organization - starting with key business issues they face. This is a high growth, high visibility area with plenty of opportunities to enhance your skillset and build your career. Your key responsibilities You’ll spend most of your time working with a wide variety of clients to deliver the latest data science and big data technologies and practices to design, build and maintain scalable and robust solutions that unify, enrich and analyse data from multiple sources. Skills and attributes for success Applying data mining and statistical analysis techniques like hypothesis testing, segmentation and modelling to analyze large amounts of data Helping our clients make data-driven decisions by working with structured and unstructured data sets, building out predictive models and advising our clients on data mining leading practices Building and applying data analysis algorithms (data mining, statistics, machine learning, natural language processing, sentiment analysis, text mining, etc.) as appropriate Designing, architecting and developing solutions leveraging big data technology (Open Source, Hortonworks, AWS or Microsoft) to ingest, process and analyze large, disparate data sets to exceed business requirements Unifying, enriching and analyzing customer data to derive new insights and opportunities Leveraging in-house data platforms as needed and recommending and building new data platforms/solutions as required to exceed business requirements Clearly communicating findings, recommendations and opportunities to improve data systems and solutions Demonstrating deep understanding of and ability to teach data science, concepts, tools, features, functions and benefits of different approaches to apply them Seeking out information to learn about emerging methodologies and technologies Clarifying problems by driving to understand the true issue Looking for opportunities for improving methods and outcomes Applying data driven approach (KPIs) in tying technology solutions to specific business outcomes Collaborating, influencing and building consensus through constructive relationships and effective listening Solving problems by incorporating data into decision making To qualify for the role you must have A bachelor's degree and approximately three years of related work experience; or a master's degree and approximately two years of related work experience At least five years hands-on experience with data science, big data, and data engineering Extensive experience connecting to various data sources and structures: APIs, NoSQL, RDBMS, Hadoop, S3, Blob Storage, etc. Deep understanding of statistical modeling as well as ETL, data ingestion/cleansing and engineering skills Ability to set up data and experimental platforms R or SAS, Python, Java/C and Scala SQL, Hive, Pig are required Machine learning using k-NN, naive bayes, decision trees, SVM experience required Experience using data mining and statistical tools Solid pattern recognition and predictive modelling skills Recommendation engines, scoring systems, A/B testing Must have worked with multiple tools/libraries such as Weka, NumPy, PyMongo, R, etc. Thorough business understanding of data science application and ability to communicate with key decision-makers Hands-on experience with various big data technologies in one or more ecosystems (Hadoop, AWS or Microsoft) Communication is essential, must be able to listen and understand the question and develop and deliver clear insights. Outstanding team player. Independent and able to manage and prioritize workload. Ability to quickly and positively adapt to change. A valid driver’s license in the US; willingness and ability to travel to meet client needs. Ideally, you’ll also have Bachelor’s Degree or above in mathematics, information systems, statistics, computer science, or related disciplines Experience with Azure Data Factory and AzureML a plus What we look for We’re interested in passionate leaders with strong vision and a desire to stay on top of trends in the Data Science and Big Data industry. If you have a genuine passion for helping businesses achieve the full potential of their data, this role is for you. What working at EY offers We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of 15 days of vacation plus ten observed holidays and three paid personal days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career A collaborative environment where everyone works together to create a better working world Excellent training and development prospects, both through established programs and on-the-job training About EY As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. Join us in building a better working world. Apply now. EY, an equal employment opportunity employer (Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Disabled), values the diversity of our workforce and the knowledge of our people.
 Data Analyst - Public Education Data Analysis: General Information __ _Minimum_ _salary is listed. Actual salary will be determined based on qualifications and experience._ The Data Analyst will coordinate analyses of fiscal notes pertaining to public education, prepare fiscal notes, and perform other fiscal, policy, and data analyses to support the work of the Legislature. The position will also perform SAS programming in support of the primary analyst responsible for simulations of the state's public school finance system. The position reports to the Public Education Data Analysis Manager and works under general supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Responsibilities Communicate effectively by adequately simplifying and translating complex data and providing high level summaries and options for a variety of audiences. Use language appropriate for audience. Assist with the maintenance and deployment of the data and technical systems that comprise the school finance SAS model. Assist with the development and implementation of Public Education Policy reports. Communicate effectively with a variety of audiences including, but not limited to LBB staff and management, legislators, legislative staff, agency personnel, and the general public. Make presentations of analyses and recommendations to agencies, legislators and their staff, and others. Coordinate and collaborate with other LBB analysts on budget, performance, and revenue issues, as appropriate. Work collaboratively with other teams to effectively support legislative deliberations and agency success. Produce sound qualitative and quantitative analysis and make effective recommendations. Conduct quality assurance procedures to produce accurate and complete work products. Demonstrate sufficient knowledge of all major team issues and alternatives under consideration. Contribute to or complete additional assignments that meet agency or legislative needs. Essential Attributes and Skills Excellent oral and written communication skills and editing skills. Knowledge of Legislative function, procedures, and public administration practices. Skill in using logic and reasoning to identify strengths, weaknesses and solutions. Skill in using existing technology for research and presentation. Skill in developing and maintaining data and technical systems for the purpose of modeling current and proposed public school finance structures. Ability to establish goals and objectives and devise solutions to administrative problems. Ability to effectively manage and engage team members and encourage interpersonal relationships. Ability to work on computers for extended periods of time. Ability to review and edit effectively. Ability to plan, think ahead, and anticipate problems. Ability to research and develop expertise in team-specific topics. Ability to maintain objectivity and express ideas without bias. Skill in maintaining confidentiality and objectivity, using sound reasoning to determine course of action. Skill in listening and responding appropriately in a variety of settings. Attributes Required of Every LBB Employee Embrace agency mission/core values and follow policies, procedures, and processes. Work effectively with LBB management and staff, as well as all external customers. Coordinate, collaborate and employ good interpersonal skills; demonstrate positive outlook. Balance concurrent projects, work under pressure, and adapt to changing priorities/deadlines. Act with motivation, organization, and attention to details; complete tasks with an appropriate level of independence. Be punctual and have regular attendance. Work overtime on nights, weekends, and holidays, as necessary to meet agency deadlines Experience and Education Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. A graduate degree preferred but not required. SAS programming experience preferred. Experience in the field of public education, especially with the Texas public school finance system, strongly preferred. Supplemental Information To apply for this position, you must initially set up an account and select a Username and Password through Governmentjobs.com. You may apply directly through the posting list on our website or on the Governmentjobs.com website. To set up an account go to https://www.governmentjobs.com/js_login.cfm. Please be sure to write down your Username and Password. Human Resources will not be able to retrieve this information. Only on-line applications will be accepted. Examples of an applicant's work product and/or copies of transcripts may be required as condition of interview. Finalist may be given a work-related exercise. The person hired may be required to submit official transcripts. Credentials earned at foreign colleges and/or universities must have been evaluated by an acceptable entity and must be equivalent to credentials awarded by U.S. regionally accredited institutions of higher education. The person hired may not simultaneously be employed by the Legislative Budget Board and another state agency or Texas public institution of public/higher education. Any job offer from the Legislative Budget Board is contingent upon: proof of eligibility/authorization to work in the United States on a full-time basis; and proof of compliance with the Selective Service Law for males between the ages of 18 and 25. The Legislative Budget Board is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in employment or in the provision of services on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. Applicants should communicate requests for disability-related accommodations during the application process to LBB Human Resources at email address HR@LBB.state.tx.us.
 Data Scientist - Marketing (Programmatic Emailing): HomeAway, a world leader in the vacation rental industry, is the place to book beach houses, cabins, and condos with more than two million places to stay in 190 countries. The site makes it easy to find and book the perfect vacation rental for any getaway, often for less than the cost of traditional hotel accommodations. HomeAway is part of the Expedia Group family of brands. The Opportunity: We are looking for excellent Data Scientists to join our growing 20+ strong team. This position focuses on the measurement and optimization of advertising expenditure, so it is a good fit for those with backgrounds such as operations research, economics and marketing science, however we will consider qualified candidates from any technical background. This role will work closely with our marketing team to drive traffic to our massive e-commerce marketplace. The statistical learning algorithms you develop will impact tens of millions of dollars of advertising each year. Challenges to Work On: Experience working with programmatic email marketing. Understand how programmatic advertising in email works. Optimize advertising based on user feedback from online ads. Build machine learning-based segmentation/cohort models. Develop novel marketing relevant testing strategies. Stay at the state of the art in advertising measurement by attending at the top conferences. Responsibilities: Work on larger programs/initiatives encompassing several projects that have a company-wide impact. Apply best-in-class machine learning techniques to solve the business problem at hand. Produce novel insights with machine learning to inform company strategy. Assist others with data discovery and data preparation phase. Help build the core feedback loops to optimize advertising expenditure. Work end-to-end on studio projects that you conceive, develop and land as a winner in the company. Qualifications: 3+ years of experience in Data Science and analytics fields. Experience with programming languages such as R, Python, or Scala Experience in processing and analyzing large scale data volumes, semi-structured and unstructured data and near real-time throughput. Experience applying the right ML model to solve business problems. Ability and passion to learn new techniques to stay on the cutting edge. Experience working in Hadoop ecosystem. Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL. Experience using visualization tools such as Tableau and Datameer. Good storytelling and presentation skills i.e be able to present business side of the story that data presents to c-team and business leaders. Masters or Ph.D in Statistics, Math, Computer Science or other quantitative field. Required skills and experience: BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience You should have 5+ years of professional software development experience Ability to mentor junior engineers Good foundation of Agile principles and practices Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to work well across multiple departments An analytical problem solver that is passionate about delivering a high quality user experience Benefits & Perks: Competitive health and insurance benefits. Competitive salary. Annual target bonus or commission. Paid vacation and sick time. Vacation rental on a yearly basis (taxable benefit). Employee Stock Purchase Program. Free snacks and beverages. Frequent company update talks with our leadership team. Free listing on HomeAway.com. Electronic, adjustable stand-up desk. Discounted Metro & Rail pass. Casual dress. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Water Resources Planner / Scientist - Water Business: Black & Veatch has an exciting opportunity for a Water Resources Planner/Scientist in Texas. Within our U.S. planning and water resources business, we have seen consistent growth driven by our clients’ needs to address challenges stemming from water scarcity, groundwater depletion, drought resiliency/reliability/vulnerability, climate variability, water rights issues, and evolving reuse regulations and implementation. In Texas, we anticipate more and more focus on integrated water resource planning and design as the State’s population increases and water resiliency, reliability, and vulnerability issues become more pressing. This represents a strategic business opportunity for Black & Veatch, and the Water Resources Planning position is designed to help the company execute projects in Texas and across the country by providing world-class planning and water resource services. Principal Duties and Responsibilities: Lead scenario planning efforts for integrated water resource projects Provide water demand estimates and conservation assessments Develop groundwater and surface water management strategies and assessments Support planning-level estimates of project costs Support innovative water supply planning services, including reuse and brackish water desalination Support water resources marketing efforts and build relationships with key water resource planning leaders and decision makers throughout the state Minimum Qualifications: Minimum of 2 years’ of experience performing duties similar to those of an Environmental Scientist 3. All applicants must be able to complete pre- employment onboarding requirements (if selected) which may include any/all of the following: criminal/civil background check, drug screen, and motor vehicle records search, in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Preferred Job Qualifications: 10+ years of water resource and planning work Experience in a comprehensive reporting and client-facing presentations Experience leading project tasks and executing water resource planning projects Knowledge of Texas water laws for surface water, groundwater, and reuse/recycled water Knowledge of Texas Environmental Flow Standards and environmental issues across the state Strong data analysis skills Understanding of stormwater and flood water issues as a result of both storm events and hurricanes Have an understanding of water supply applications and models, including: o MODFLOW o TCEQ Water Availability Models o TWDB Groundwater Availability Models o GoldSim, STELLA, RiverWare packages
 Data Scientist -Transit: Job Summary: As part of the NextBus data science team you’ll build information-rich data products using cutting-edge techniques and technologies to solve transportation related challenges and problems. You’ll be leveraging machine learning, data modeling, and statistical modeling techniques to deliver new capabilities to the NextBus platform. You’ll add your strong problem solving and analytic skills to collaborate on data-focused projects and identify non- obvious relationships between disparate data sources. You’ll work under general supervision and regularly exercise discretionary and substantial decision-making authority. Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities: Works with the data science team and stakeholders in an agile environment to address business challenges by harnessing structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data in a distributed processing environment. Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement. Develops software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Prepares and delivers presentations that effectively describe complex quantitative methods in clear and concise communications. Keeps up to date with technical as well as industry developments, analytics software/tools, trends, and recognized best practices. Contributes to projects under the direction of project and product owners to adhere to funding, resourcing, schedule, and other constraints. Minimum Job Requirements: Four-year college degree, in statistics, economics, physics, mathematics, operations research, computer science, data engineering, or related field; Experience with machine learning, data modeling, data integration, data mining, statistical modeling, and general data science best practices. Experience with Python, R, Jupyter Notebooks, Git and SQL in a Linux environment. Experience using exploratory data analysis methodology in creating and implementing machine learning algorithms and advanced statistics such as: regression, clustering, decision trees, markov chains, monte carlo, kalman filters, scenario analysis and neural networks Experience with cloud services including AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform and Bluemix. Ability to collect data using XML and REST APIs . Experience in visualizing data to stakeholders in a simple and concise manner through visualization software such as Tableau, Domo, ggplot, D3, Qlikview, Leaflet, etc. ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Experience with real-time transit data such as GTFS-RT, SIRI, OrbCAD Experience with transit schedule data such as GTFS Experience with signal processing techniques Requires fundamental knowledge and experience developing algorithms and analytics applications. Must have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, attention to details, critical thinking ability, and creativity. Must be able to abstract from ambiguous and sometimes conflicting information to identify opportunities for improvement and the critical business drivers and factors that influence outcomes. Must have demonstrated ability to produce high quality analytics applications that can be deployed in a repeatable and scalable fashion. Requires strong knowledge of statistics, signal processing, machine learning, predictive analytics, and other related techniques. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills used to effectively communicate and present complex information in terms appropriate to the audience. Incumbent will have well-developed research skills and knowledge of current data management principles, procedures, and other tools of the trade. Must be able to manage and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously while balancing according to scope, budget and schedule. Prior experience working in the transportation or logistics industries desired. _The description provided above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements. Duties, responsibilities and requirements may change over time and according to business need._ Worker Type: Employee
Staff Data Scientist - Tech - ISD: Position Description Consults with business stakeholders regarding data insights and recommendations Drives analytics insights across the division Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects Ensures business needs are being met Leads medium- to large-sized analytics project teams Manages the continuous improvement of data science and analytics Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates Minimum Qualifications Bachelors degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field and 9 years experience in an analytics related field OR Masters degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology or related field and 7 years experience in an analytics related field. Additional Preferred Qualifications 2 years experience with big data analytics. 6 years experience with SQL and relational databases (for example, DB2, Oracle, SQL Server). 6 years experience with statistical programming languages (for example, SAS, R). Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics and 12 years experience in an analytics related field. Certificate in business analytics, data mining, or statistical analysis. Doctoral degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, or Mathematics and 6 years experience in an analytics related field. Master's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, or Mathematics and 8 years experience in an analytics related field. Company Summary What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. It's all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
 Data Analyst / Data Scientist: We have a client that is looking for a data scientist to add to its team. This position is for a Fortune 50 company that is based in Philadelphia. This is not a remote position. Expertise in SQL Development. Call Center or Customer care data experience a plus. Must be able to write SQL queries and must have experience with data extraction and ETL. Experience with Teradata and SQL Server Databases R Studio and Python scripting is a plus. Communication and presentation skills are a must as you will have to present to key stakeholders. Tableau analysis and dashboard development is required. A minimum of three years professional-level SQL programming experience in a Windows and Linux environment. A Computer Science or Mathematics degree. Outstanding problem-solving skills. Ability to develop and deliver power point presentations. Knowledge of shell scripts and other languages including Java, Python or Perl is a plus.
 DBHi Data Scientist I: Req ID: 20369 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary The Data Scientist in The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia’s Department of Biomedical and Health Informatics will contribute to the design, implementation, and analysis of predictive and explanatory models for pediatric healthcare research. The individual will develop models using quantitative methods with an emphasis on machine learning techniques for projects that integrate heterogeneous and high-dimensional data types including but not limited to structured electronic health record data, unstructured text, and physiological time series measurements. The Data Scientist will participate in a collaborative research environment of data scientists, clinicians, and basic scientists to formulate study design, select methods, and interpret results. Additionally, the Data Scientist will communicate research methods, implementation, and results to a varied audience of clinicians, scientists, and analysts/programmers, as well as contribute to academic dissemination activities such as manuscript writing and conference presentations. A strong background in advanced machine learning methods including Bayesian methods, probabilistic graphical models, or deep learning is desired. A basic background in life sciences is helpful but not required. The successful candidate will be highly creative, able to work independently and as an interdisciplinary team member, and have good organizational skills and attention to detail. Most of all, we are looking for people who share our eagerness to develop novel ways of advancing child health using data. Summary: Perform exploratory data analysis and predictive modeling in pediatric biomedical research using machine learning, statistical, and mathematical analysis incorporating heterogeneous and complex data types under direct supervision. Contribute to assessing and implementing computational, algorithmic, and predictive analytics approaches to address assigned biomedical research questions in areas such as clinical decision support and population health surveillance. With guidance, contribute to the experimental design, execution, test and critical evaluation of methods as applied to translational data science research projects. Use a flexible, analytical approach to extract optimal value from biomedical data. Contribute to design and conduct of continuous validation plans for production systems that incorporate models and algorithms, providing guidelines and support for large-scale implementation. Job Responsibilities Implement computational algorithms and experiments for test and evaluation; interprets data to assess algorithm performance. Develop high-quality code implementing models and algorithms as application programming interfaces or other service-oriented software implementations. Participate in communication of research methods, implementation, and results to varied audience of clinicians, scientists, analysts, and programmers. Work closely with applications research group to translate models and algorithms into engineered production applications. Contribute to manuscript writing for results publication, authors abstracts, and presents at professional conferences. Required Education and Experience Required Education: Bachelors in Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field. Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Masters in Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field. Non-degree graduate coursework such as a graduate certificate in Analytics, Statistics, or Data Science preferred. Preferred Experience: At least one (1) year of experience with progressively more complex data science, applied statistics, machine learning, or mathematical modeling projects Additional Technical Requirements Technical Requirements: 1\. Experience and demonstrated ability acquiring new technical/analytic skills and domain knowledge to support successful contribution to research and development projects is required. 2\. Experience using existing machine learning and analytic tools such as ScikitLearn, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Pyro, Edward, R, in either applied educational or professional projects is required. 3\. Experience with Bayesian statistics, probabilistic graphical models is preferred. 4\. Experience with deep learning models is preferred. 5\. Experience with time-series data modeling is preferred. 6\. Experience writing code in either applied educational or professional projects using one or more of the following languages: Python, R, Scala is required. 7\. Familiarity with relational databases (e.g. Postgres, MySQL) strongly preferred. 8\. Familiarity RESTful web services application programming interfaces preferred. 9\. Strong verbal and written communications skills with the demonstrated ability to explain complex technical concepts to a lay audience. 10\. Applied statistics or mathematical modeling experience preferred. 11\. Natural language processing experience particularly in the biological and medical domains preferred. 12\. Experience using distributed computing technologies (e.g. MPI, Cuda) preferred. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu
Systems and Data Analyst Entry Level: Ridley Park,Pennsylvania,United States BAMAN1 Boeing Global Services is seeking a Systems and Data Analyst (entry-level) to support Engineering Mods & Maintenance division in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania. Position Responsibilities Researches and performs basic analysis of processes, applications, systems and data to identify functional requirements for application or system design. Assists customers to clarify basic requirements. Interprets and translates routine requirements into functional specifications. Assists in the development and execution of moderately complex tests to validate system functionality against specifications. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee Basic Qualifications (Required Skills and Experience) Experience creating scripts in PERL Database development and sustainment Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills and Experience) Classroom or work related programming experience in JAVA, or C , Visual Basic Minimum Technical Bachelor's degree Typical Education/Experience Technical bachelor's degree. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. This position does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in Ridley Park area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. Yes, 10 % of the Time Engineering Mods & Maintenance Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company
Junior Data Scientist: RDC is looking for a Junior Data Scientist to augment our existing team. Responsibilities would include using data science techniques to improve RDC’s world-class risk and compliance protection services. We assist our global network of clients in identifying banned/suspected persons and organizations. We work towards strengthening fraud protection, ensuring regulatory compliance, managing supply and distribution risk, and protecting the brand equity of our clients. We are looking for someone adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization. Candidates who have completed relevant coursework or an internship in data science are preferred. Experience using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations is all essential. The new hire will drive RDC's business results with their data-based insights and work with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. Our ideal candidate is someone comfortable working with other team members as well as independently. Responsibilities: Assist the senior data scientists to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions using machine Learning/NLP Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques Coordinate with different functional teams to design and deploy machine Learning/NLP models to production and maintain/monitor performance Train deep learning models with internal and external datasets Qualifications: 1 – 3 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models either in academia or industry BS, MS or Ph.D. in one of the following disciplines: Statistics/Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, or a closely related field Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (model selection and hypothesis testing, statistical inference etc.) and experience applying them to real-world problems Knowledge of machine learning techniques (e.g. supervised, unsupervised, neural networks, deep learning) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks Understanding of natural language processing, information retrieval, and data mining techniques Experience with databases and big data tools such as Hadoop/Spark, MSSQL, MongoDB etc. Experience with data visualization tools, such as Matplotlib/Seaborn, ggplot, D3.js, Tableau etc. Fluent in Python, Scala, or R to manipulate and draw insights from large data sets Programming experience using languages with object-oriented features such as Java, C/C++. Can write clean and well documented code. Has good technical writing and verbal communication skills. Unfortunately, at this time we are unable to offer H1-B sponsorship. RDC is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer
Data Scientist I: Black Knight is the premier provider of integrated technology, services, data and analytics that lenders and servicers look to first to help successfully manage the entire loan life cycle. Our deep understanding of regulatory and compliance issues complements the knowledge, technology and solutions we offer to help our clients achieve their business goals. Black Knight offers leading software systems; data and analytics offerings; and information solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage life cycle. JOB FAMILY Responsible for analyzing data to gain insights to benefit the enterprise. Uses large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and uses models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Responsible for using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data. Drives business results with data-based insights and discovers solutions hidden in large data sets improve business outcomes. GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Works with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Mines and analyzes data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. Assesses the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develops custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Uses predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develops a testing framework and test model quality. Coordinates with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develops processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy Performs other related duties as required. EDUCATIONAL GUIDELINES Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Finance or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience. Master’s degree or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field is strongly preferred. GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development Experience using statistical computer languages (Pig, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets Experience working with and creating data architectures Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining technique Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, etc. Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, MySQL, etc. Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, etc. JOB FAMILY LEVEL Entry-level role into the job family. Works with financial models of some complexity using advanced mathematical, analytical or econometric tools. Defines and discerns key aspects of problems that require intricate analysis and research, and develops moderately complex solutions within a broad technical and business context. Functions, somewhat independently, under general direction of more senior Financial Engineers or management. Generally works on a small number of projects as a project team member. Typically requires up to three (3) or more years of related work experience in developing mathematical formulas, algorithms and computer programs to create complex models of market trends and risks. _Black Knight is an AA/Equal Opportunity Employer_ _Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans_
 Data Scientist, Product Success: Bentley Systems is a global leader in providing engineers, architects, geospatial professionals, constructors, and owner-operators with comprehensive software solutions for advancing the design, construction, and operations of infrastructure. Bentley users leverage information mobility across disciplines and throughout the infrastructure lifecycle to deliver better-performing projects and assets. Bentley solutions encompass MicroStation applications for information modelling, ProjectWise collaboration services to deliver integrated projects, and AssetWise operations services to achieve intelligent infrastructure – complemented by comprehensive managed services offered through customized Success Plans. Founded in 1984, Bentley has more than 3,500 colleagues in over 50 countries, $700 million in annual revenues, and since 2012 has invested more than $1 billion in research, development, and acquisitions. Bentley Systems is seeking an experienced, highly quantitative, goal driven D ata Scientist with a passion for experimentation and curiosity to join our Product Success team. Are you ready to start a new journey with energized professionals advancing and connecting the world’s infrastructure? Bentley is looking for you! Location: Exton or Philadelphia, PA Your Day to Day Facilitate the use of large data sets to validate hypothesis, product management strategy and improve user experience. Develop algorithms utilizing statistical and machine learning techniques Develop predictive models to optimize user experience and improve business outcomes Assess effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy What You Bring To The Team: Bachelor's degree in analytical field (math, statistics, computer science, engineering) 1-5 years of experience in product data analysis, A/B testing, etc. Experience with product management, engineering or user experience (UX/CX) teams Experience in one or more of: Python, Spark, Hadoop, Hive, R, U-SQL, Azure Data Lake Analytics What We Offer: Competitive Salary and excellent benefits. A friendly, collaborative and supportive team environment. Being part of the world-leading software company providing solutions for architecture, engineering and construction. Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled Bentley is an equal opportunity employer and considers for employment all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, sex, disability, protected veteran status, religion, national origin, age or any other protected characteristic. Additional information about your rights as an applicant under the law may be found by clicking here and here. Bentley participates in e-Verify / Bentley participa en e-Verify Right to Work / Derecho a Trabajar We encourage you to request a reasonable accommodation if you are not able to fully use or access our online application system. You can make an accommodation request by calling 610-458-5000 or sending us an email at disabilityrequest@bentley.com. Search Firm Disclosure : Please be aware Bentley is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. This includes any phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Bentley via- email, the Internet (including social media) or in any form and/or method for this specific position in the absence of a written recruiting agreement executed by both you and/or your firm and Bentley will be deemed the sole property of Bentley and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Bentley.
 Data Entry Coordinator: _For more than a century, Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine (PCOM) has trained highly competent, caring physicians, health practitioners and behavioral scientists who practice a "whole person" approach — treating people, not just symptoms._ __ _At the main campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the branch campus in Suwanee, Georgia, PCOM students learn to approach problem solving in a more professional, more team-oriented manner, which prepares them to work successfully in integrated healthcare settings with other health professionals. Both campuses feature modern facilities and state-of-the-art technologies, all part of an innovative learning environment designed for collaboration and interaction._ Job Details Data Entry Coordinator (003321) Job Number: 003321 Job Title: Data Entry Coordinator Number of Openings: 1 Job Type (Employment Type): Direct Hire Country: United States State/Province: Pennsylvania City: Philadelphia Job Schedule: Full Time Job Category: Computers/Information Technology - Data Entry Keyer Career Level: Entry Level of Education: High School Degree Years of Experience: 5 Position Description We are looking for a Data Entry Coordinator to maintenance and management of the department of Student Residency Medical Records and other department’s E.M.R system and its requirements. Responsibilities Transfer data from paper formats into computer files or database systems using keyboards, data recorders or optical scanners. Tracking incomplete records and sending electric reminder updates to all students and residents of incomplete file. Create and provide quarter reports to department Assistant Director. Verify data by comparing it to source documents. Working directly with PCOM registrar’s office to ensure all PCOM students and residents are in the e-value system. Retrieve data from the database or electronic files as requested. Perform regular backups to ensure data preservation. Sort and organize paperwork after entering data to ensure it is not lost. Set department goals for E.R.M. Creating auto reminder notifications for requirements and annual updates. Requirements 1\. Performs duties as defined in practice standards established by PCOM. 2\. Encouraged to provide feedback relating to office procedure to enhance overall efficiency of the office of SWC. Good command of English both oral, written and excellent customer service skills. Must be willing to learn other areas of the department and willing to cover if necessary. Other duties as assigned Position Requirements High School diploma or equivalent Knowledge of touch typing system is strongly preferred Excellent knowledge of word processing tools and spreadsheets (MS Office Word, Excel etc.) Working knowledge of office equipment and computer hardware and peripheral devices,Banner,E-value system The ideal candidate will have 5 years’ experience in health care and medical terminology, Must be computer savvy and a fast typist with a keen eye for detail. You will report to Student, Resident Medical, and Records (Assistant Director) and work closely with other department heads and e-value data team members. Understanding of data confidentiality principles is compulsory. . PCOM will rely on you for having accurate and updated data that are easily accessible through a digital database. Application Instructions All inquiries must include a curriculum vitae or resume, salary requirements, and three (3 names of references, preferably from current or former supervisors.
Data Scientist: Your career starts now. We’re looking for the next generation of health care leaders. At AmeriHealth Caritas, we’re passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we’d like to hear from you. Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com Responsibilities: Develop analyses and models based on complex operational, economic and statistical data to solve new and complex problems, develop innovative strategies, quantify the competitive performance of the organization’s operations and/or markets, and evaluate the potential impact of changes Develop analyses and models based on complex operational, economic and statistical data to quantify the competitive performance of business segments, evaluate potential operational changes, and design new approaches and methodologies Define problems, collect data, apply advanced economic and mathematical concepts, establish facts and draw valid conclusions Apply an in-depth understanding of advanced mathematical concepts, operations and statistics to solve new and complex problems and develop innovative strategies Develop reports for management on the overall performance of business segments and develop metrics to measure various characteristics of the business Analyze historical operations and market information using business software packages and statistical software tools, and develop models to predict future outcomes Education & Experience: Master's Degree in Statistics or Mathematics Minimum five (5) years experience in developing predictive models in healthcare or life sciences setting using SAS JMP or Enterprise Miner
 Clinical Data Scientist: Clinical Data Scientist Job Locations - | US-PA-Blue Bell | US-NC-Raleigh | US-KS-Lenexa Posted Date 1 week ago(8/3/2018 1:19 PM) ID 2018-47744 Overview At PRA, we don’t make our 15000+ people great. It’s the other way around. As we have grown to a top-5 CRO, we have maintained the feel of a small company, dedicated to collaboration and passion for what we do. We always have a desire to keep seeking new and better ways to operate. We don’t settle for the same old ways. Our passion for improving patient lives worldwide permeates all that we do. Put simply, we care. Responsibilities Due to growth we are currently seeking a Clinical Data Scientist, to work as part of an established global group that supports project teams in analyzing clinical data to identify risks and data issues, using advanced analytical techniques. Acting as a Key Functional Lead on projects; the Clinical Data Scientist will assess trial compliance, perform trending analysis, exploratory data reviews and report findings to internal and external stakeholders. Key responsibilities in this role include: Developing and maintaining study documents specifying strategy, approach and procedures on assigned protocols/projects. Providing input to applications, databases and systems used to assess study data quality. Reviewing clinical data at aggregate level regularly throughout assigned studies using analytical reporting tools to support the identification of risks and data patterns/trends. Creating analytical reports and presentations to facilitate review and data-driven decision making during team meetings Performs analytical reviews and collaborates with assigned project teamsto address data-related questions and recommend potential solutions. Provides input during adaptive monitoring assessment process. Documents review findings utilizingapplicable systems, according to standard procedures. Develops analytical reports usingprogramming knowledge and data modeling techniques, e.g., SQL, SAS. Leads Analysis of Findings meetings on assigned projects. Escalates project concerns such as outof-scope tasks, at-risk project deliverables and project team relationship issues to functional and project managers in a timely fashion. Qualifications Analytically-minded, a problem-solver Here at PRA we want our employees to succeed and ensure that they are set up for this success through constant training, development and support. To enable success in this position you will have: Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in a Scientific or Healthcare discipline Previous experience, ideally in a similar role, but we are also open to considering people with other relevant clinical trials experience, including those working as Lead Data Managers, Programmers, Clinical Research Associates, Clinical Team Managers and Project Managers. Familiarity with risk-based monitoring Technical ability: use of JReview specifically or other analytical/visualization tool (e.g Spotfire, SAS JMP Clinical, SAS, R) or at a very minimum significant experience in using excel (including pivot tables, graphics and data exploration). Analytical thinker: ability to break down issues into manageable components SQL experience Skills in aggregating data review and interpretation using visualization/analysis software e.g. JReview, Tableau, SAS You will be frequently collaborating within multi-cultural global teams, so will need to demonstrate excellent written and oral communication skills, exhibit pro-active teamwork alongside a positive attitude, and maintain up-to- date industry awareness and understanding of regulation/standards. PRA is an EEO/AA employer and is committed to providing opportunities to minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities. Options Apply for this job onlineApply Share Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later. Share on your newsfeed Connect With Us!
Junior Data Scientist: Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.The Payments, Virtual Solutions, and Innovation (PVSI) team includes Operations, Cards and Retail Services, Deposit Products Group, the Innovation Group, Treasury Management, Merchant Services, Payment Solutions, and Wells Fargo Virtual Channels and the professional services teams that partner with these businesses. PVSI's focus is on delivering the next generation of payments and deposit capabilities and advancing our digital and online offerings to design new customer experiences and products. Its guiding principles are to start with the customer, move faster, and partner effectively. The Cards & Retail Services team helps customers achieve their financial dreams by providing a variety of products across the credit spectrum. We deliver industry-leading rewards, offers and benefits that recognize and celebrate our customers' relationship with Wells Fargo. Our customers all have unique goals and dreams - whether preparing for a home improvement project, shopping for a new sofa or kitchen table or meeting healthcare and dental needs. Others just want a financial tool that allows them to make everyday purchases while earning rewards. Our team works together with groups across the company, including the bankers in our 6,200 banking stores, to provide financing in the form of general-purpose cards, co-branded cards and private- label and industry cards. Our team is 6,700 strong, working in communities across the nation, and focused on doing our very best to help our customers succeed financially.This is an exciting opportunity for an entry-level data scientist to join the digital card acquisitions team (Digital Incubator) that is responsible for developing and executing a bold and market-leading digital acquisition strategy for our rapidly growing credit card business. You will be exposed to techniques that will help you build innovative predictive tools and driving next generation analytics that would support our marketing strategy. We have a wealth of structured and unstructured data and state-of-the-art data platforms that you will fully leverage to significantly advance the state of analytics at Wells. You will work closely with other data scientists within the team as well key marketing, finance, infrastructure and analytical teams within the broader organization to provide high quality statistical models and data-driven analyses with insights leading to actionable recommendations. This role is focused on modeling and analytics, not reporting. Working with senior consultants or directly with partners, responsible for identifying and defining business requirements and translating business needs into moderately complex analyses and recommendations. Performs analysis of findings and trends using statistical and/or financial analysis, modeling, process documentation, profitability analysis, customer/demographic analysis, etc.; recommends solutions to increase revenue, reduce expense, maximize operational efficiency, quality, compliance, etc. Identifies business requirements and analytical needs; identifies and recommends potential data sources; compiles and mines data from multiple, cross business sources. Develops specific, customized reports, ad hoc analyses and/or data visualizations to make recommendations for alternatives. Ensures adherence to data management/data governance regulations and policies. May provide guidance to less experienced specialists. May partner with technology and/or with other business groups. Required Qualifications 4+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both; or a BS/BA degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 2+ years of reporting experience, analytics experience, or a combination of both A BS/BA degree or higher Desired Qualifications Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Knowledge and understanding of emerging data platforms and analytic tools Hadoop, Aster, and R Other Desired Qualifications 2+ years of experience with Analytical tools (ex: SAS, R, Python, SQL) Ability to write moderately complex code to gather data from a database Ability to gather, mine, and analyze data form multiple sources Familiar with machine learning, statistical and data mining techniques Ability to complete tasks in Data cleansing, formatting, preparation; creating the target variable for predictive modeling; create segmentation Enthusiastic about exploring and learning latest analytic/data trends is a must Strong analytical and problem solving skills, with demonstrated intellectual and analytical rigor Strong work ethics, team oriented, energetic and positive attitude, attention to detail Financial industry and digital marketing experience a plus Self-starter who is naturally curious and can jump in and research problems Interest in learning the latest trends in developing predictive models Master’s Degree preferred but not required Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
 Data Scientist Analyst Staff: The Advanced Analytics (AA) Data Scientist will support Mission Systems and Solutions teams and their customer base through: a deep understanding of advanced technical needs and requirements to perform analytics. The Data Scientist understands structure and techniques of data analysis and can lead data analysts. The Data Scientist will be fully integrated into the team’s efforts, from analysis of initial customer requests for information, through data collection support utilizing Big Data and other tools, through delivery of collected data in a format that supports analyst and customer needs. To perform these duties, the Data Scientist will: design and develop methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources. Develop and use advanced software programs, algorithms, querying and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate datasets and models complex business problems. Works with cross- discipline teams in order to ensure connectivity between various databases and systems. Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations. May develop information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance. Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies. Requires knowledge of various technical domains to including systems coding, various software programming languages, and deep mathematical calculation and algorithms to provide intricate analytic solutions to meet end user needs. Has various tool knowledge with both software development and engineering research to create models of relevancy. Experience designing efficient algorithms with programming languages and tools for data manipulation and statistical analysis. Experience designing efficient data mining and text mining frameworks with related tools. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Desired Skills: Applying data science against open source media to support Intelligence collection and data fusion. Distributed Computing Predictive Modeling Story-Telling and Visualization Math, Stats, Machine Learning BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Previous experience with artificial intelligence or advanced algorithm development. Previous experience in applying data science against open source media to support intelligence collection and data fusion. Masters or PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or equivalent Must have strong problem solving skills, business acumen, and demonstrated excellent oral and written communication skills. Preferred languages: R, SAS, Python, Matlab, SQL, Hive, Pig, Spark Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where we’re engineering a better tomorrow.
 Data Scientist - Conshohocken, PA: Location: Conshohocken, PA Type: Full Time Start Date: Immediately Data Scientist RS Energy Group is a data-driven organization specializing in the delivery of advanced analytics, research and data science to the most advanced investors and producers in the world. We work in an innovative, fast-paced and dynamic environment, with interdisciplinary teams focused on leveraging cutting-edge technology, data and machine learning to uncover unique investment ideas and provide solutions for producers. Headquartered in Calgary, we have offices in Houston, New York, Los Angeles and Philadelphia. This Data Scientist position based in our Conshohocken, PA office includes the opportunity to work closely with domain Subject Matter Experts in applied statistics and data science techniques, creativing solutions to some of the most interesting challenges faced in the analysis of oil and gas assets today. Responsibilities: Build statistical and mathematical solutions to approach business problems in the oil & gas industry. Build prototypes and productize advanced predictive modeling and machine learning tools. Work together with Data Engineers and Software Developers to evaluate the technical trade-offs of tools to build simple, yet robust, data science pipelines. Qualifications: Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms are required such as regression, decision trees, ensemble methods, dimensionality reduction, clustering, regularization and cross-validation. Solid programming skills and experience designing prototypes using Python (NumPy, pandas). Experience in multivariate analysis and modeling solutions. Experience in implementing optimization methods or deep learning. Demonstrated ability to conduct independent research utilizing large data sets. Additional Qualifications (not required): Quantitative background with advanced degrees (Master +) in Statistics, Computer Science, Informatics, Data Science, Mathematics or Actuarial Science or equivalent experience. Experience building large scale data science pipelines. Familiarity with details of implementing algorithms on multi-core CPUs, clusters (MPI), GPUs, heterogeneous clusters, distributed frameworks (e.g. Spark, Hadoop). Strong written and verbal communication skills required with an ability to simply explain complex information. RS Energy Group offers a competitive salary, a generous benefits package, and an unbeatable work environment. This is a great time to join our organization! RS Energy Group is an equal opportunity employer. By embracing diversity, we gain strength through our people. To learn more, please visit our website at www.rseg.com
 Control Systems Data Scientist: Job overview We are looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Control Systems and a strong background in Computer Science. This person will be working with domain experts to collect and analyze our equipment’s data, and create statistical models and algorithms to optimize the operation of our machines. We are looking for a self-motivated and disciplined individual, who is open and enjoys working with other people. Specific duties to include: Use existing software and write new code to collect and store Process and Machine Data - work with other Software engineers to use 3rd party tools and design new ones to collect and persist large volumes of machine data in a way that maintains the equipment’s performance Build statistical models and design algorithms for discovery and to improve machine’s performance and output, and reduce errors Work with software architects to create frameworks and methods for real time data analysis and real-time decision. Requirements Proven experience in data analysis of control systems (2+ years) Strong Computer Science background and proven programming experience (2+ years) Theoretic knowledge in Data analytics, Statistics and Machine Learning Experience with Data Analytics libraries (Python or R) Experience with Data Visualization libraries (High charts, D3, Bokeh) Some experience with web programming - javascript \ node.js Education Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science or related degree, MS (or higher) preferred.
Data Scientist (Deep Learning, Spark): This company specializes in setting up end to end IoT services for Fortune 500 companies. They’re building a new innovation team, and are looking for a talented Data Scientist to join their King of Prussia office. Join a new team in a senior position to help develop algorithms using a variety of Machine Learning methodologies! The ideal candidate will have experience with Python, R, Deep Learning, Recommendation Systems, as well as Optimization Methods. Candidates who have prior experience building large scale data science pipelines will stand out from the rest. Experience with Spark, Hadoop, PostgreSQL, and AWS is also a plus. Required Skills & Experience Python R Deep Learning with Neural Networks Recommendation Systems Optimization methods TensorFlow Desired Skills & Experience Natural Language Processing (NLP) Spark Hadoop PostgreSQL AWS What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 100% Data Science Daily Responsibilities 100% Hands On The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $150K/year, DOE You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance 401(k) with match Extensive PTO and Paid Holiday package Flexible work hours Onsite cafe Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.
Data Scientist: Data Scientist DIGITAL SCREENING OFFICER (DSO) PLATFORM RDC is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to augment our existing team. Responsibilities would include using data science techniques to improve RDC’s world-class risk and compliance protection services. We assist our global network of clients in identifying banned/suspected persons and organizations. We work towards strengthening fraud protection, ensuringregulatory compliance, managing supply and distribution risk, and protecting brand equity of our clients. We are looking for someone adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization. They should have a proven track record of applying data mining/data analysis methods to complex real- world problems. Experience using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations is all essential. The new hire will drive RDC's business results with their data-based insights and work with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. Our ideal candidate is someone comfortable leading and working with other team members as well as working independently. Responsibilities: Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions using machine Learning/NLP Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques Coordinate with different functional teams to design and deploy machine Learning/NLP models to production and maintain/monitor performance Train deep learning models with internal and external datasets Qualifications: 3 – 7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models either in academia or industry BS, MS or Ph.D. in one of the following disciplines: Statistics/Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, or a closely related field Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (model selection and hypothesis testing, statistical inference etc.) and experience applying them to real-world problems Knowledge of machine learning techniques (e.g. supervised, unsupervised, neural networks, deep learning) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks Experience with at least one Deep Learning framework such as TensorFlow, Theano, Keras, Torch etc. Understanding of natural language processing, information retrieval, and data mining techniques Nice to have experience with NLP tools such as NLTK, spaCy, CoreNLP, OpenNLP, GATE, Gensim etc. Experience with databases and big data tools such as Hadoop/Spark, MSSQL, MongoDB etc. Experience with data visualization tools, such as Matplotlib/Seaborn, ggplot, D3.js, Tableau etc. Fluent in Python, Scala, or R to manipulate and draw insights from large data sets Programming experience using languages with object-oriented features such as Java, C/C++. Can write clean and well documented code. Has good technical writing and verbal communication skills. Unfortunately, at this time we are unable to offer H1-B sponsorship.
Data Scientist: To create technology and data solutions for complex business problems and strategic questions. Provides direction, evaluation, selection, configuration, implementation, and integration of new and existing technologies and tools for data analysis, model development and other advanced analytics needs. This is a unique opportunity to support one of Vanguard's strategic pillars, Product Leadership. Duties and Responsibilities: Develops queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform and prepare data for statistical modeling. Identifies and diagnoses data inconsistencies and errors, forages to fill data gaps and blazes new data trails. Creates derived characteristics. Designs and develops models to target marketing and service offers. Supports production implementation of models, and validates models. Creates model documentation. Performs deep dive diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytics for customer behavioral segmentation, look-alike targeting, growth opportunity estimation and next best action identification. Prepares and delivers insight presentations and action recommendations. Communicates complex material in layman's terms. Educates leaders and crew on analytical findings and implications using storytelling, data visualization and graphical artisanship. Designs analytic plans, translating business problems/opportunities into analytic approaches. Engages with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand each business question. Probes for hidden questions and goals. Brings structure to each request and translates requirements into an analytic approach. Analyzes data to describe client behavior and preferences, understand channel usage, diagnose client experience problems, size marketing opportunity, target clients for treatment and measure the impact of marketing and servicing initiatives. Identifies and utilizes appropriate analytic methods and specialized tools to generate insights, answer the business questions and fulfill project objectives. Seeks out innovative approaches and techniques. Guides test design, research design and model validation. Provides statistical consultation services. Serves as the analytics expert on cross functional teams for large strategic initiatives. Develops and applies domain knowledge of Vanguard’s businesses and data to shape the analytic road map. Contributes to the growth of the analytic community. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as required. Qualifications: Undergraduate degree in Analytics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related analytical field of study or equivalent combination of training and experience. Graduate degree preferred. A minimum of five years general experience and five years relevant professional experience in analytical roles. Experience developing creative analytical solutions to marketing and client service problems and opportunities. Able to take disparate data and understand it, process it, extract value from it, visualize it and communicate it. Experience consulting to understand business problems/opportunities, translating needs into analytic projects and applying results. Data wrangling - Programming skills to access, transform and prepare large scale data for statistical modeling. Experience utilizing statistical and machine learning methods: data imputation, propensity models, regression (logistic, linear), clustering (k-nearest neighbors, hierarchical), decision trees (CHAID, CART), random forest, uplift modeling, optimization, simulation, time series, hazard function and survival analysis, Bayesian methods, principal component analysis, support vector machines, association rules, ensemble methods, forecasting, model validation, design of experiments, text mining. Skills in the data science tool stack: SAS (Base, Macro, Stat), SQL, KnowledgeSTUDIO, Python, R. Domain experience in marketing analytics: customer acquisition, digital marketing, response modeling, identifying customer needs, predicting customer behavior, next best action, diagnosing customer struggle, attrition/churn, customer lifetime value, sales territory analytics. Strong communicator of complex concepts and analysis, able to handle a variety of audience knowledge levels. Data visualization and storytelling skills. Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.
Data Engineer I: Req ID: 21189 Shift: Days Employment Status: AF - Active - Regular - Full Time Job Summary We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data warehouse and building data integrations, developing data best practices and governance, performing clinical and administrative reporting and data visualization, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The ideal candidate has knowledge of and is excited to learn about all aspects of data from multiple complex sources who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer I will support our developers, database architects, data analysts, and data scientists and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. They will also support non-technical colleagues in the collection and appropriate use of clinical and non-clinical data. They must be self- directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives. Job Responsibilities 1\. Data Modeling – evaluate structured and unstructured data, determine the most appropriate schema for new fact tables, data marts, etc. 2\. Data Integration – incorporate new business and system data into the CHOP Data Warehouse while maintaining enterprise best practices and adhering to data governance standards. 3\. ETL – apply business rules to our data as we migrate from source to target using Informatica or scripting language. Validate data to ensure quality. 4\. Reporting – collaborate with colleagues across the enterprise to scope requests. Extract data from various data sources, validate results, create relevant data visualizations, and share with requester. Develop dashboards and automate refreshes as appropriate. 5\. Governance / Best Practices – adhere and contribute to enterprise data governance standards. Also educates and supports colleagues in best practices to ensure that data is used appropriately. 6\. Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements. 7\. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. 8\. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources (including ground, hybrid cloud, and cloud) using SQL and various programming technologies. 9\. Develop analytics tools that utilize data resources to provide actionable insights, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics. 10\. Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Clinical, and Analyst teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. 11\. Develop optimized tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing projects into an innovative industry leader. Job Responsibilities (Continued) 12\. Proficient at integrating predictive and prescriptive models into applications and processes. 13\. Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. 14\. Strong analytic skills related to working with structured and unstructured datasets. 15\. Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management. 16\. A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets. 17\. Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable data stores. 18\. Strong communication, project management and organizational skills. 19\. Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment. 20\. Participate in a shared production on-call support model. 21\. Be a critical part of a scrum team in an agile environment, ensuring the team successfully meets its deliverables each sprint Required Education and Experience Required Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering, Information Technology or related fields. Required Experience: 1-3 years of Data Engineering/Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing experience, preferably in a healthcare environment. Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic Preferred Education: Advanced Degree in Computer Science, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. Preferred Experience: 3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role Additional Technical Requirements Proficient in SQL Exposure to big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, BigSQL, Hive, etc. Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including IBM PDA (Netezza), MS SQL Server and HBase. Exposure to data integration tools: Informatica, MS Integration Services, Sqoop, etc. Exposure to stream-processing systems: IBM Streams, Flume, Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc. Exposure consuming and building APIs Exposure to object-oriented/object function programming languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc. Exposure to statistical data analysis tools: R, SAS, SPSS, etc. Exposure to visual analytics tools: QlikView, Tableau, Power BI etc. Familiarity to Agile methodology for development Familiarity with electronic health record and financial systems. i.e. Epic Systems, Cerner, WorkDay, Infor, Strata etc. All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption. Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer). Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status. VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions. CHOP Careers Contact Talent Acquisition 2716 South Street, 6th Floor Philadelphia, PA 19146 Phone: 866-820-9288 Email: TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu
Forensic Scientist: Schedule: Tu-Sa 10:30a-7:00p Basic Purpose: The Forensic Scientist I works within the Forensic Toxicology Laboratory and cooperates with and responds to direction from the Supervisor and/ or Group Lead on achieving work objectives. This position reports to and is managed and evaluated by the Department Supervisor. This position is responsible for all aspects of testing of donor specimens including specimen preparation and instrument operation. Duties and Responsibilities: 1\. Maintain chain of custody of forensic specimens and follow approved sample handling procedures. 2\. Maintain competency in the following areas: follow all written procedures in departmental SOP, prepare and verify performance of all new reagents, ensure that all required calibrators and quality control samples are included in each batch, demonstrate good analytical technique with minimal failed loads, capable of performing routine maintenance of equipment utilized in area of responsibility, capable of programming sequence table for sample analysis, capable of basic data review. 3\. Maintain legible and complete documents. 4\. Maintain clean and organized work area. 5\. Perform and document checks of temperature dependent equipment. 6\. Participate in completion of method and/or instrument validation studies to quality standards. 7\. Participate in validation of new calibrators, controls and new or modified analytical procedures. 8\. Maintain acceptable productivity & quality levels, and notify Supervisor and/or Group Lead of equipment or production problems. 9\. Complete assigned continuing education activities and competency verification checks. 10\. Follow the direction of the Supervisor and/or Group Lead and adhere to all company and department policies. 11\. Complete all required quality control and quality assurance documentation related to job function. 12\. Follow work schedule as defined by the Supervisor. 13\. Maintain professional work environment. 14\. Other duties as assigned by the Supervisor. Supervision Exercised: N/A Qualifications: Education Preferred: Bachelor of Science or Art degree with a minimum of fifteen (15) semester hours in Chemistry, fifteen (15) semester hours in Biology, and three (3) semester hours of Mathematics; or applicable regulatory requirements. Work Experience: Minimum of one (1) year laboratory experience preferred Knowledge of methods and procedures used by the laboratory preferred Physical and Mental: Ability to perform routine and repetitive motions, such as pipetting Ability to stand or sit for long periods of time Other: N/A
 Data Scientist - Auto Valuations: Position Description Create, maintain business intelligence solutions to support operations, online and physical auctions. Work closely with business leaders to identify and analyze emerging trends and make recommendations for future. Job Responsibilities Perform data analysis monitoring to provide proactive business strategy Analyze online auction sales performance Perform ad-hoc analysis to find solutions to business inquiries Leverages understanding of business to make recommendations to meet business needs Work with 3rd party vendors and IT to implement decisions Qualifications Bachelor's degree in quantitative or technical field required (Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science, etc). Master's degree strongly preferred. 5+ years in a business analytics role in Auto Lending, Risk Management and/or Credit Strategy Development Comfortable with analyzing complex problems and creating innovative strategy Ability to work independently with strong attention to detail Strong written and spoken communication skills Represents Ally in a professional and positive manner in all situations Must have SAS strong experience: Experience with structured and unstructured data Fluent in SAS Macro language Experience with statistical analysis, predictive modeling or artificial intelligence/machine learning algorithms strongly preferred Strong skill and experience in data mining Proficient working with databases: Oracle, SQL server, Teradata, etc Ally Overview Ally Financial Inc. is a leading automotive financial services company powered by a top direct banking franchise with the opportunity, experience and people to redefine the industry. Ally's automotive services business offers a full suite of financing products and services, including new and used vehicle inventory and consumer financing, leasing, inventory insurance, commercial loans and vehicle remarketing services. Ally Bank, the company's direct banking subsidiary and member FDIC, offers an array of deposit products, including certificates of deposit, savings accounts, money market accounts, IRA deposit products and interest checking. Ally's Corporate Finance unit provides financing to middle-market companies across a broad range of industries. Business Unit/Enterprise Function Ally Auto works directly with dealers nationwide to provide one of the most comprehensive suites of auto financing products and services in the industry. Ally offers new and used vehicle inventory financing, consumer financing, leasing, commercial loans and vehicle remarketing services. As a full-service provider, Ally understands dealer needs and is committed to helping them maximize sales and profitability. With nearly 100 years of industry experience, our employees' expertise allows us to provide our customers with the highest level of service, providing value that helps dealers build brands, better serve customers and stay ahead of the competition. Ally is also a full spectrum auto servicing organization that includes value streams from customer care to remarketing, and many support areas. It is a fast-paced, challenging and collaborative working environment. Our employees are focused on consistently delivering a superior customer experience. Total Rewards Information Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and bonus pay potential based on achieving personal and company goals. Plus, we have a flexible paid time-off program with an emphasis on work-life balance. Ally offers a variety of benefits to protect your health and well-being, provide financial security and balance your work-life needs including: Industry-leading 401K Retirement Savings Plan including Matching and Company Contributions Comprehensive wellness program with financial incentives designed to help you achieve your best health Flexible health insurance options including dental and vision Pre-tax Health Savings Account with generous employer contributions Pre-tax dependent care and commuter benefits Other work-life integration benefits including Paid Parental & Caregiver Leave, Adoption Assistance, Back-up Child & Adult/Elder Care, Child Care Discounts, Tuition Reimbursement, LifeMatters Employee Assistance Program, Weight Watchers and other employee discount programs Ally is an Equal Opportunity Employer We extend equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law. LI-RS1
 Solutions Architect/Data Scientist: Job Description Do you have a passion for machine learning, deep learning, real-time analytics, Big Data - and working with Enterprise customers in designing, developing and deploying these solutions on the world's fastest GPU accelerated OLAP database? Do you consider yourself in the top 10% of your peers? We're looking for a mid to senior level Data Science professional ( with pharmaceutical experience ) to join our growing Professional Services team. We are more than doubling annual revenue year-over-year, and our enterprise customer list is growing proportionally. We are seeking proven technical professionals who want to lead the charge on the front lines of an exciting and disruptive technology. Responsibilities: Lead engagements with pharma customers in data science, machine learning (ML), and real-time analytics in the Big Data arena Translate business requirements and problems into solutions Designing, building, and deploying advanced data science-based algorithms Working with sales engineers, consultants, and client personnel to implement solutions that encompass the Data Generation, Model Training, and Model Serving pipelines Collaborating with Engineering team to productionize ML algorithms Qualifications Masters or Ph.D. in Machine Learning, Math, Stats, Computer Science or equivalent 5+ years of experience in a data scientist position. Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and optimization algorithms, including deep learning Experience in deploying machine learning algorithms into production with teams of Sales Engineers, Software Engineers, and DBAs. Experience with Python (Deepchem ( preferred ), pandas, sci-kit learn, etc.) and SQL. Experience with Java and C++ a plus Experience implementing solutions using ML toolkits like TensorFlow Exposure to NoSQL platforms and their SQL APIs: Spark, Hadoop, Apache, Pig, Hive, Cassandra Great communication skills – can talk modeling to both data scientists and business decision-makers. Principal Mathematician. High-energy self-starter with a passion for data, attention to detail, and ability to work in a fast-paced environment with limited direction Experience in the Pharma or Healthcare domain ( preferred ) +/-40% travel Additional Information All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST: The selected applicant will lead the development of novel machine learning algorithms to decode cognitive states based upon multichannel intracranial time series data from human and nonhuman subjects. He/she will implement dimensionality reduction techniques and evaluate and implement large-scale data processing architectures (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc.) to manage the analysis of hundreds of terabytes of neural and behavioral data. He/she will interface with principal investigators and senior research staff at leading neuroscience institutions and medical device companies, and present results to project sponsors. The ideal candidate will possess exceptional statistical and programming skills, and the ability to communicate complex concepts through sophisticated data visualizations. Qualifications Required Qualifications Background in machine learning, regression modeling, feature discovery/selection, optimization, exploratory data analysis, data mining, pattern recognition. Experience with the development and implementation of novel machine learning techniques. PhD in computer science, statistics, engineering, neuroscience or directly related quantitative field, or MS with at least 2 years relevant post-graduate experience. Experience with Python, C/C++ and object-oriented programming techniques. Experience with scientific computing languages (Python, R, SAS , Matlab). Preferred qualifications Experience with neural time series analysis. Experience with large-scale data storage processing architectures (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc.). Experience with collaborative software development. Experience with Windows, Mac and Linux development environments. Good communication, interpersonal, and leadership skills. Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
Data Scientist: Data Scientist Responsible for data analysis and modeling to generate business insights Extract and analyze campaign data about our products, vintages, channels and customer segment Utilize historical trends and predictive models to forecast cash flow, uses historical data and trending data for site lection optimization Assists in creation and implementation of Marketing and Risk strategies including the development of new product offers and channel tests Use Unix, SAS , R, Hive, Python, Scala, Spark in a big data environment to build, test, evaluate, and maintain robust data analysis and models (experience with machine learning tools, and /or Open Source tools such as R and Python required) Communicate results Drill down into the data to find root causes of trends and understands such trends Draw conclusions by making recommendations for developing or modifying marketing strategies with little or no supervision Continually enhance standard reports Help junior analysts to write queries, pull data, and assemble reports. Help junior analysts develop skills. Qualifications 4-year college degree (OR related work experience) in a quantitative discipline such as Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Business Management or Computer Science is preferred 1-3 years’ experience in complex, data-driven problem solving Strong Working Knowledge of Big Data environments (Horton Works preferred) with good knowledge of R, Python, Hive, Spark, Scala, Etc… Experience with XGboost, NNs, and advanced Machine learning algorithms desired. Experience using Microsoft Office applications Experience with SAS Project Management skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Self-motivated and creative thinker Strong written and oral communication skills necessary Ability to thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment
Biological Data Scientist: Your Responsibilities : Job Purpose: Drug Design and Selection (DDS) supports the therapeutic areas within GSK contributing to the discovery of new medicines through the collaborative identification of disease-linked targets and the selection of molecules for future drug development. We are responsible for delivering scientific expertise and specific platform capabilities to ensure that GSK is able to deliver the best modality and molecules, for development, in a particular disease area. Within DDS, there are a number of lines which support this process, working with the therapeutic areas to design and deliver the high quality molecules which are necessary for successful clinical evaluation. We are seeking to introduce new biological screening technologies to our scientific platforms, with a focus on high content, data rich detection methods such as transcriptomics, imaging and flow cytometry. This combination of high content and high throughput will require the development and application of modern machine learning algorithms g if we are to get full value from the data. We therefore have a vacancy for a Biological Data Scientist with deep expertise in modern machine learning techniques, experience of handling large high content biological datasets, and an interest in the application of these methods to biological data. The Computational and Modeling Sciences Department (CMS) generates and applies computational models across the drug discovery pipeline from lead discovery to late stage development. We work closely with multidisciplinary drug discovery teams, applying computational approaches combined with knowledge of chemistry, biology, and the drug discovery/development process to facilitate the identification, prioritization and progression of bioactive agents. Our scientists are responsible for generating testable hypotheses that drive discovery programs, extracting and analyzing decision-making data. The successful candidate will work collaboratively with other team members to implement innovative analytics and machine learning solutions that are capable of handling large multiparametric datasets from high content compound screening approaches. They will be embedded within the biology teams to enable the seamless integration of high content biology with state of the art data analysis. They will also contribute to the training and development of data science capabilities in our laboratory-based scientists. Key Responsibilities: Develop methods for the analysis of multiparametric datasets from high content screening Input to the assay design phase to define statistically significant biological endpoints. Use machine learning to build predictive models for application in drug discovery programs Develop automated capabilities which enable the application of machine learning across the discovery portfolio, from small molecules to biopharmaceuticals. Be an expert resource and consultant for other members of Drug Design and Selection Prepare and present results to internal and external groups Work with others within a matrix organization Why You? • MS or equivalent with relevant experience in Computational Science Evidence of a broad knowledge of computational sciences which will include a deep knowledge of one or more areas of machine learning and analysis of high content datasets Demonstrated ability to build robust statistical models from large scientific data sets Demonstrated ability to utilize computer programming and scripting languages such as R, C/C++, Python or Java. Evidence of identifying, developing, and applying innovative solutions to scientific and technological problems faced in the Life Sciences Evidence of strong critical thinking skills Excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to interact effectively with scientists in other disciplines, in particular bioassay scientists, with a positive, collegial, collaborative attitude A keen interest or some background in Biology Preferred qualifications: • PhD in a STEM discipline Demonstrated skills in building models based on high content biological data Demonstrated skills to programmatically collect, combine, mine and analyze complex biological and chemical data Experience with scientific pipelining tools such as Pipeline Pilot or Knime. Why GSK? : At GSK, our mission is to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. Our three world-leading businesses research and deliver innovative medicines, vaccines and consumer healthcare products. We need a talented and motivated workforce to deliver against our strategy. To achieve this, we strive to attract the best people and to create an environment that empowers and inspires. Contact information: You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button. _If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK HR Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US)._ _GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class._ __ _Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies_ _GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site._ Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
 Data Scientist: Global consulting firm is seeking talent to join a growing Analytics team. Will work with a wide range of insurance experts to identify opportunities for innovation throughout the insurance value chain. Current work is underway along two key streams: advanced analytics applications and commercial data product development. You will develop and deliver innovative advanced analytics consulting assignments for clients across the US, and you will build commercial data products that will help our clients improve their ability to make informed decisions. Additionally, you will support the US data analytics manager and our insurance division leadership to continuously refine our consulting framework, research new methodologies, support business development opportunities and provide input to our technology roadmap. Seeking 2+ years of experience. Multiple locations available. Salary DOE.
 Data Scientist (Python, Analytics): A startup in the suburbs of Pennsylvania is looking to onboard an innovative Data Scientist. You must have good communication skills and be open to new and expanding ideas. This company works on solving data and analytical problems within the healthcare industry. You will have the opportunity to be hands on with a motivated team. The ideal candidate will have experience with Python, R, Deep Learning, Recommendation Systems, and SQL. Experience with AWS, and Scala would set you aside from the competition. Required Skills & Experience Python R Deep Learning Recommendation Systems SQL Desired Skills & Experience Scala AWS What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 100% Data Science Daily Responsibilities 100% Hands On The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $150K/year, DOE You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave 2 Weeks PTO Flexible Work Hours Casual Work Environment Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.
Data Scientist - Summer Intern - University Students: Qualifications University student in their junior year in a STEM related field (Ops Research, Statistics, Applied Math, Engineering, Business Analytics); expected graduation date of December 2019 or May 2020. Or, currently completing your first year in a non-business, 2-year masters program and have less than 2 years of work experience Deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms Experience in one or more programming languages (R, Python, C++, etc.) Ability to easily understand the complex algorithm and logic to process data Experience working with a large volume of data with ability to solve performance issues Practitioner of statistical data quality procedures or test driven approach for quality assurance Basic business intuition and clear expertise in analyses with the ability to describe analytic processes, including when and why specific approaches are favored Excellent communication and presentation skills with an ability to visualize and report insights creatively in variety of formats to various stakeholders Ability to deliver in deadline-driven environment Team player with a passion for coaching colleagues and clients Willingness to travel up to 80% Who You'll Work With For ~ 10 weeks over the summer, you’ll work with an Advanced Analytics team in one of our global offices. Blending strategic thinking with hands-on practicality, our teams of consultants and experts work to develop and implement complex analytics strategies that solve our clients' most critical problems. Our teams are made up of analysts, mathematicians, data scientists, designers, software engineers, product managers, client development managers and general managers with a base of expertise in a function or industry. Data Scientists are staffed on engagements or product teams and are expected to leverage expertise to solve some of the most pressing and complex issues at clients. Our intern program gives a group of undergraduate students and eligible graduate students first-hand experience with consulting at McKinsey. You will participate in an introductory training program, as well as a range of social activities to get to know your office and the firm. At the end of the summer, you may receive an offer to join us full-time after completion of your degree. Please review the team options and locations below to clarify your application preferences. McKinsey Analytics- (ACRE- Denver, Waltham; Financial Services Lab- Waltham; Geospatial - Waltham; Healthcare Analytics & Delivery- New York, Waltham; Ingenuity- Waltham; Journey Analytics- Waltham; People Analytics- Waltham; Pharma and Medical Products- New York; Public and Social Sector- New York, Waltham, Washington DC) You will apply an analytical, entrepreneurial mindset to foster innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work Operations Advanced Analytics \- ( Boston, Chicago) You will apply your data science toolkit across our operational service areas (ex. Supply Chain, Product Development, Manufacturing, etc.) to devise creative approaches for our clients in areas such as inventory management, predictive maintenance, or logistics network design Risk Advanced Analytics \- ( Waltham) You will complete targeted quantitative analyses, build components of advanced models, and apply machine learning algorithms in different fields of risk (strategic risk management, operational/fraud, credit and market risk, pricing, asset evaluation and loss mitigation) QuantumBlack \- ( Boston, Chicago, London) You will use math, stats and machine learning to derive key insights across various industry sectors including Formula 1, pharma, automotive and high-tech What You'll Do You will perform statistical data analyses, data mining and optimizations using multiple tools and techniques to get insights from large complex data sets. In this role you'll conduct hands-on rigorous quantitative analysis, including getting the data, cleaning it (when necessary / relevant), and exploring it for accuracy. You'll deploy statistical modeling and optimization techniques most suited for the business problem (using R, Python, SQL, and/or other relevant tools). With support, you'll advise client teams on analytic methodologies and approaches to address their specific needs, including discussing data collection, architecture, associated costs and trade-offs, and recommendations. You'll interpret outputs of statistical models and results to translate input from quantitative analyses into specific and actionable business recommendations and implications. This includes providing detailed documentation of modeling techniques, methodologies, assumptions made and process steps. You'll manage delivery of analytical solutions to client via written and verbal presentations, including capability building as appropriate. You may advance McKinsey’s overall knowledge base by providing analytical rigor and problem solving to our proprietary knowledge investments. You'll begin to own an analytics work stream, manage respective tasks and client project team members/experts, while building client relationships. You'll support analytics recruiting efforts (e.g., attends recruiting events, participates in WebExes, etc.)
 Data Scientist: Job Description The Opportunity Pluralsight Iris is the learning intelligence platform built within Pluralsight. It helps technologists worldwide discover the learning they need to achieve their personal and career goals in technology. As a data scientist on our core team, you will help us you will help us solve novel statistical, machine learning, and data science problems by building and improving on the intelligence of Iris. We are looking for an experienced data scientist who loves tackling ambiguous problems, finding creative and practical solutions, and producing concrete prototypes that will become a key part of Pluralsight’s user experience. You’ll work closely with an established team of top-notch, collaborative data scientists and you will collaborate with a cross-functional product team that is responsible for one of Pluralsight’s key differentiators. Who you are: You have a strong foundation in Machine Learning, Computer Science, and Statistics. You have a creative mindset and excellent critical thinking skills. You know your way around SQL-like databases (e.g. PostGres, Impala, Hive) and even better if have experience with Spark and other big data platforms. You have mastery of Python programming and at least some exposure to R. Regardless of your favorite scientific computing environment, you can flex between the two languages. You are able to perform rapid prototyping of experimental solutions, writing readable, scalable, and reproducible code. You have a solid data science toolkit that you can leverage, with knowledge of and understanding of how and when to apply different algorithms and technical approaches. You can describe and speak in an approachable way about complex analyses and concepts within a cross-functional team. You are a great “analytic translator”. What you’ll do: You will collaborate with the Iris product teams to define data science solutions needed to drive our user experience outcomes. You will create, iterate, and innovate on Iris algorithms and partner to implement them on the Pluralsight platform. You will guide the research and development of new product features, in alignment with product strategy You will propose and design experiments to test new product features and analyze their results. Qualifications Experience you’ll need: M.S. or Ph.D in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, or related field Ideally a minimum of 3 years in a data science role, developing algorithms and building prototypes Experience working with product development teams and/or with developers Additional Information Be Yourself. Pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
Data Scientist: Duties Summary The Volpe Center seeks a Data Scientist for our Policy Analysis and Strategic Planning Division, to serve as a member of a multi-disciplinary team that supports high-level policy initiatives that improve safety, resource, efficiency, and resilience. In particular, the employee will play a critical role in developing and applying innovative analytical approaches and performing computational algorithms and statistical methods that identify patterns and relationships in large datasets from a number of diverse sources. The employee is a subject-matter specialist who expands data science concepts and will be responsible for planning, developing, and coordinating assigned projects that involve automating processes to assess integrate, and prepare datasets, and performing spatial and non-spatial analysis of transportation systems. The employee should have experience that includes original research using cutting-edge data as well as considerable experience with a variety of different development environments and utilizing multiple programming languages. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated experience performing sophisticated spatial and statistical analysis of transportation data to assess safety, economic, social, and environmental impacts to support policy and operational decisions. As part of the team, you will be a key contributor during various stages of project life cycle, utilizing outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills and leveraging both commercial and open-source tools and applications to perform complex data analysis and develop innovative visualizations to communicate results to sponsors. The position requires you to exercise excellent interpersonal skills in the development, refinement, and management of project activities, and use considerable tact, imagination, strong listening skills, and resourcefulness when engaging with co-workers, sponsors, and other parties. A Master's degree or higher is preferred. PLEASE NOTE: This vacancy may be used to fill similar positions within 90 days for this location. Responsibilities As a Data Scientist, you will: Evaluate statistical data and analyze large spatial and non-spatial datasets. Utilize program languages, tools, and applications (e.g. Python, SQL, R, ArcGIS, Tableau, ggplot) for analysis and visualization of transportation data. Prepare presentations and technical reports to illustrate and explain analyses, tools, applications and findings. Apply project management skills to develop scopes of work, cost estimates, and schedules. Manage assigned tasks to deliver high-quality work on time, on budget, and within scope. Communicate effectively, verbally and in writing, as you manage project expectations and deliver results to Volpe staff, co-workers, sponsors, and other parties. Travel Required Occasional travel - Some travel is required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 12 Who May Apply This job is open to… Applications will be accepted from any U.S. Citizen. Questions? This job is open to 1 group.
 Data Scientist: Qualifications Master's or a PhD degree in industrial engineering, operations research, computer science, Mathematics or related analytics disciplines Experience with optimization models (mixed-integer linear programming, non-linear programming, etc.) and at least one of the solvers such as OPL Studio, CPLEX, Gurobi, GAMS, CBC is required Demonstrated experience in at least one of analytical languages such as Python, Julia, C++, GLPK, R, etc. Experience with spatial optimization models (network optimization, territory, location optimization, routing, etc.) and/or GIS software (e.g., ArcGIS, QGIS, PostGIS) is highly preferred Professional experience with a manufacturing, service, or analytics company in operations management is a plus Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and statistical models is a plus Knowledge of simulation software such as Arena, AnyLogic, or Simul8 is a plus Ability to work with relational databases such as SQL, Access, PostgreSQL, etc. and knowledge of distributed database systems (Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce) is a plus. Intellectual curiosity, along with excellent problem-solving and quantitative skills Strong team-orientation and a professional attitude Comfort in communicating technical content in an easy to understand way Fluency in English is a must Ability to travel 10-30% Who You'll Work With While your work will be primarily in Waltham, MA, you will be a member of the Global Geospatial Analytics team with team members in in Sao Paulo, Brazil, San Jose, Costa Rica, and Shanghai, China. You will interact daily with your colleagues from other locations as well as travel to serve clients both domestically and internationally. In addition, you will benefit from all development and training opportunities that we have developed for our analytics colleagues worldwide as well as those designed specifically for professionals in our Waltham office. What You'll Do You will work in a fast-paced, team environment devising and conducting specialized and distinctive advanced analytics and operations research models to solve client problems across industries. Some of your typical projects will include optimizing transport and logistics operations to identify cost savings potential, developing an optimal network configuration model for a global supply chain, or simulating inventory levels with the objective of creating a sound inventory policy. Your work will be project-oriented. You will often be responsible for the entire analytical process from outlining the best solution to implementing the results. You will interpret results for colleagues, consultants, and clients, and you will often create plans for transferring capabilities and algorithms to the client. Working on projects and exchanging experiences with your colleagues means you will face new intellectual challenges on a daily basis, while continuously building your methodological knowledge and skills. You are expected to develop and contribute to such knowledge base on analytic methods and techniques, as well as relevant data and information sources used in geospatial analytics.
Data Scientist: About PrescribeWellness Our mission is to inspire collaboration among trusted pharmacists, healthcare institutions, and the communities they serve for better health across the country. We believe community pharmacists are poised to change the face of preventative healthcare. With an expanding roster of clinical services, the pharmacy is quickly becoming the most accessible wellness destination for patients between doctor visits. Pharmacies that are independent can have a greater focus on personal service and meaningful relationships, which supports lasting behavior change in their patients. We are passionate in our mission to inspire collaboration for better health, and are looking for energetic, passionate professionals to join our team. Your Role We are looking for an ambitious and talented candidate to join our Tech team. You will leverage your knowledge to develop new consumer focused products. Your code, designs, and decisions will be highly visible, and will directly impact lots of users. We’re agile, intelligent, creative, flexible, but also very focused on an extraordinary and fun challenge. Location This role will be based in our Hingham, Massachusetts office. Essential Duties & Responsibilities As the PrescribeWellness Data Scientist you’ll be responsible for assisting with modeling complex problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities using statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. Other duties may be assigned. Specific duties include the following: Participate in use case feasibility discussions and translate business idea / business problems into analytics use case. Explain insights from analyses and point out implications, risks, and usability constraints. Provide support as needed to maintain and update models running in production environment. Develop and maintain complex analytical models and algorithms. Perform complex data analysis, segmentation, and profiling Write model technical documentation. Build sophisticated predictive / prescriptive models to generate insights about customers products, sales, and operations for specific use cases. Create and maintain the master data file and model predictive summary. Own model development from end-to-end, starting with data collection to incorporating adjustments post-pilot. Create and maintain the master data file and model predictive summary. Required Qualifications Get along with people and establish cooperative working relationships with all coworkers. Effectively communicate information to and consult with others to complete work assignments. Act in a responsible, trustworthy and ethical manner that considers the impact and consequences one’s actions or decisions. Communicate ideas, thoughts, and facts in writing using proper grammar, spelling, document formatting and sentence structure. Evaluate and analyze problems or tasks from multiple perspectives; adaptively employ problem solving methods to find creative or novel solutions; use logical, systematic and sequential processes to solve problems. Complete assigned job tasks in an accurate and timely manner. Carefully prepare for meetings and presentations; follow-up with others to ensure that agreements, tasks or commitments have been fulfilled. Demonstrate commitment to achieving PrescribeWellness’ core business objectives of increasing the role of pharmacy and improving patient health in America. Skills, Education, and Experience Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems or related field. 2+ years of data analysis experience. Expertise in algorithm design, machine learning, and applied statistics. Proven track record in use of SQL specifically in Oracle and working with data including: extracting information, validating data, creating and maintaining custom data structures. Desirable Qualifications Passion for data and digging into the minutia of datasets. Take calculated risks based on data-driven analytics. Be a self-starter. Enjoy working in a fast-paced environment. Just a Few of our Perks and Benefits A welcoming and inclusive environment Professional development opportunities Generous health, dental, and vision coverage Competitive salary with employee stock option plan 401K Join our team! We look forward to hearing from you.
Data Scientist: Klaviyo is looking for data scientists to analyze large data sets (we’re collecting billions of individual actions every month), build models and ship products that enable businesses to grow faster and communicate with their customers. Our background as a team is building these models for the Fortune 50 and we want to democratize and open up that technology to everyone. The ideal candidate has a background in data science, statistics and machine learning and has done work ranging from exploratory analysis to training and deploying models. We use a wide variety of data mining and machine learning algorithms. The right candidate will have both a solid fundamental understanding and deep practical experience with at least a few modeling and machine learning techniques. Our goal is always to match the right assumptions and models to the right problem - they don’t necessarily have to be complex. You should have experience building models that are used by people to make better decisions. We’re focused on shipping early and often. We prefer iterative solutions that are incrementally better to the perfect solution. You should also be able to measure and know what impact your models had on the decisions people made - e.g. did they outperform the previous best model or a human decision maker? Our data science team is still in its early days and you’ll have a big impact on our direction and how we operate. You’ll be central to upfront research and shipping products that help our customers learn and grow from their data. You: Have a strong fundamental understanding and deep experience with at least some machine learning algorithms (e.g. regressions, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks). Understand Bayesian modeling techniques. Are capable of analyzing data and making rigorous statements about what can or cannot be concluded. Have experience designing and implementing model performance/validation assessments. Have a background in statistics and understand different distributions and the conditions under which they’re valid. Know how code and have used data science tools and packages. Have demonstrated a measurable impact based on the models you’ve created. It’s not always easy getting a model correct and we love talking about places we got stuck and working as a team to think through ideas that could unblock us. Have a desire to ship features powered by data science (in other words, you’re excited by both upfront research and actually getting models into production at cloud scale). You Have: Bachelor’s or advanced degree in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other relevant quantitative discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Have worked in a data science role for 2+ years professionally or academically and can talk about your projects and the techniques you used. About Us Klaviyo is a team of people who are crazy motivated by growth. It’s what we help our customers do: grow their businesses by making it possible and easy for them to use their data to power better marketing. It’s how we behave as individuals: we’re all deeply passionate about learning. It’s how we manage our business: we have thousands of paying customers, we’re profitable, and we’re growing insanely fast. And it’s what our culture is all about. Working at Klaviyo means you’ll work on things you never imagined you would; you’ll grow in ways you didn’t consider possible; and you’ll do the best work of your career with people who are just as motivated and talented as you are. If this sounds like your ideal place to work, drop us a note!
Data Scientist - People Analytics - Organizational Solutions, New Ventures: Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field like Statistics, Engineering, or a quantitative social science; Advanced degree is a strong plus Strong academic qualifications, including advanced understanding/coursework in Math (Linear Algebra, Calculus), and Statistics Advanced knowledge of statistical techniques and machine learning (generalized linear models, regularized regression, decision trees/random forests, clustering, etc.) Proficiency in R and/or Python; additional knowledge of other statistical software (SAS, Matlab, etc.) helpful Experience in visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, R Shiny) a plus Experience in analytics applied to the Human Resources domain a strong plus Skills to communicate complex ideas effectively Who You'll Work With You will be joining the OrgSolutions team in Waltham, Massachusetts, co- located with our McKinsey Knowledge Center colleagues. OrgSolutions is part ofMcKinsey’s New Ventures. OrgSolutions combines innovative design technology and advanced analytics with deep expertise to accelerate effective organizational decisions. OrgSolutions can help Human Resources and business leaders to make smarter organizational decisions by leveraging advanced data analytics, user-centered design technology and proven methodologies. These approaches help clients to answer critical questions related to cost reduction, efficiency and effectiveness streamlining, merger plans, divestments and carve outs, and talent deployment. McKinsey New Ventures fosters innovation driven by analytics, design thinking, mobile and social by developing new products/services and integrating them into our client work. It is helping to shift our model toward asset-based consulting and is a foundation for –and expands our investment in –our entrepreneurial culture. Through innovative software as a service solutions, strategic acquisitions, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, we are redefining what it means to work with McKinsey. As one of the fastest-growing parts of our firm, New Ventures has more than 1,500 dedicated professionals (including more than 800 analysts and data scientists) and we’re hiring more mathematicians, data scientists, designers, software engineers, product managers, client development managers and general managers. What You'll Do You will analyze and evaluate a wide range of data, including data from human resources information systems and relevant internal and external survey assessments. Leveraging your advanced data analysis skills, you will create innovative approaches to answer our clients’ most relevant talent questions. You will be working on a variety of problems across many different industries, such as a top-tier professional services company trying to improve the efficiency of their recruiting pipeline, an insurance company facing high, inexplicable attrition, and a major pharmaceutical company in need of a roadmap to better understand their future talent needs. You will work with clients and our team to translate clients’ questions into analytical problems, manage the entire data cleaning pipeline, apply machine learning algorithms and data visualization techniques, generate insights, and communicate them back to clients. Working on projects and exchanging experiences with your colleagues means you will face new intellectual challenges on a daily basis, while continuously building your methodological knowledge and skills.
Data Scientist: The Automated Machine Learning team at Microsoft Research New England (located in Cambridge, MA) is looking for a Data Scientist to join us in developing industry leading machine learning solutions. As a team on the cutting-edge of technology, we work on developing new meta- machine learning models to automate the construction and tuning of machine learning solutions. Our goal is to build automated machine learning tools that can be used by experts and non-experts alike. Successful data science candidates will have several years of acadmic and/or professional experience analyzing data and developing models across a breadth of technology platforms. Further, because our team collaborates closely with other internal teams, a great person for this role will be driven by the desire to solve problems for partners whether by leveraging sophisticated custom machine learning models or straightforward data analysis. About MSR New England: our lab offers a thriving environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research (both theoretical and applied), with access to a diverse array of big and small data sources, an open publication policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world. Microsoft Research New England is comprised of thirty full-time researchers, engineers and postdocs working in machine learning, statistics, computational biology, theoretical computer science, algorithmic game theory, economics, social media, cryptography, and mathematics. The lab is collaborative and interdisciplinary and is actively engaged with the local academic and tech communities. Responsibilities As a data scientist in Auto-ML, you will join a cross-disciplinary team of engineers, data scientists and researchers. Some of your primary responsibilities will include: the end-to-end execution of the data science process, from understanding business requirements, data discovery and extraction, model development and evaluation, to production pipeline implementation. assisting researchers in statistical debugging, core algorithm implementation and automated offline experimentation. applying data analysis, data mining and data engineering to present data clearly and develop experiments. enforcing strict quality control on the data, understanding how data is generated by experimental design and how these experiments can produce actionable, trustworthy conclusions. Qualifications Basic qualifications: Bachelor degree or an advanced degree (Master, PhD) in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related field. 1+ years of experience (academic and/or professional) using scientific packages in python (numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn). Experience writing production level python code Experience working in a cross-functional team with software engineers Preferred Qualifications: Experience implementing and debugging deep neural networks. Experience with tensorflow, pytorch or the Microsoft cognitive toolkit (CNTK). Experience using Microsoft HPC, Spark or Hadoop. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Data Scientist: Description Are you looking for unlimited opportunities to develop and succeed? With work that challenges and makes a difference and a flexible and supportive environment, we can help our customers achieve their dreams and aspirations. Are you interested in a Data Scientist position working on multi-dimensional, complex analytic initiatives? John Hancock Retirement Planning Service (RPS) Division is looking for an exceptional data scientist to lead the discovery of hidden information using our massive data and leverage advanced analytics and predictive modeling techniques to enable data-driven strategic decision making. We’re a lean, flat and experimental team that combines science and engineering to identify and inject high-value insights into the Retirement Planning process. The team works in quick iterations, using cutting edge techniques and algorithms that are best suited for the various challenges, which include but not limited to: sales, distribution, marketing and pricing. Results of this work will be presented and transformed in a variety of ways, including interactive visualizations, presentations, publications and web applications. The Data Scientist is accountable for the development and implementation of advanced analytic models to improve business process, and to generate insight in order to support the strategy & goals of the business unit. This position will provide analytics thought leadership, coaching to the data scientists & analysts and support the development of the capabilities of the team. Additional responsibilities include the development of documentation & measurement framework. Responsibilities: Develop & implement models to support business unit and divisional strategy and business pillar initiatives Develop advanced analytics models in order to maximize ROI, revenue and overall profitability. Perform needs analysis with business area (understand business problem & generate hypotheses) Explore, generate & source data relevant to the hypothesis(internal, external, 3rd party) Create, assess, evaluate & Iteratively improve models Calculate model impact/ROI Peer review other Data scientists work Leverage sound judgment, balancing analysis effort vs incremental improvement Measure & communicate analytic results & impact of analytics models Implement measurement & documentation framework against all project work Generate insights in such a way that the businesses can clearly understand the quantifiable value. Enable the business to make clear trade-offs between and among choices, with a reasonable view into the most likely outcomes of each. Turn statistical and computational analysis into user-friendly graphs, charts, and animation. Enable those who aren’t professional data analysts to effectively interpret data. Ability to communicate results and educate others through reports and presentations Provide thought leadership around analytics methodology, tools, and measurement Leverage extensive theoretical and practical knowledge of advanced analytic methods and algorithms, understanding their utility in different problem domains (sparse data, rare event detection, etc), evaluation methodologies and pitfalls, and stays on top of industry & academic developments. Innovate & find creative ways to source & leverage data to support modeling efforts, leveraging structured & unstructured data, and big data technologies. Collaborate with internal stakeholders to develop tools and services such as modeling, dashboard development, decision aids and business case analysis to drive innovation, strategic initiatives and recommend solutions. Coach & provide guidance to data scientists & data analysts Leverage depth of experience in business, technical & analytical problem solving to support & coach other team members Qualifications: Post grad in Statistics, Math, Comp Sci, Engineering or other related discipline (PhD preferred) Minimum of seven years' experience specifically in statistical/data analysis, data mining and predictive modeling Advanced Experience in Python, R, SQL Experience with Tableau or D3 Proficient with various data science methodologies including GLM, clustering, random forests, survival analysis, SVM, text mining, neural network and Bayesian analysis. Track of record of delivering innovative analytical insights to lines of businesses Strong commitment to organizational success and team work Adaptable and open to change with strong collaboration and elaboration skills Demonstrated data transformation & manipulation experience Strong knowledge of strategic marketing, data, audience targeting, segmentation, and customer analysis. Familiarity of vendors that operate in this space Insurance or Financial Services industry experience preferred. Demonstrated experience exhibiting innovation and leadership in proposing new strategies and/or tactics based on analysis findings Experience with Big Data platforms desired Experience with analysis of unstructured data desired Innovative mindset Strong Communication and consulting skills Strong collaboration and elaboration skills About John Hancock Financial and Manulife John Hancock is a division of Manulife Financial Corporation, a leading international financial services group that helps people make their decisions easier and lives better. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States, and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance and wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. Assets under management and administration by Manulife and its subsidiaries were over $1.1 trillion (US$850 billion) as of March 31, 2018. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as MFC on the TSX, NYSE, and PSE, and under 945 on the SEHK. Manulife can be found at manulife.com. One of the largest life insurers in the United States, John Hancock supports approximately 10.7 million Americans with a broad range of financial products, including life insurance, annuities, investments, 401(k) plans, and college savings plans. We also offer advice through Signator, a network of independent financial advisors. Additional information about John Hancock may be found at johnhancock.com. Agency submissions and contacts are by invitation only and must be initiated by John Hancock's Recruiting Department only. Unsolicited agency submissions will not be honored. JOHN HANCOCK IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER - AA/F/M/D/V LI-JH Qualifications Category: Analytics Group
Associate Data Scientist: This position is focused on driving innovation in the core business, including projects analyzing data from our extensive call-center operations, our network of roadside assistance service providers, and helping other groups understand and make use of the insights gained from the analyses in the Data Science and Analytics group. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Research and experiment with Agero's call-center and roadside assistance dispatch data to gain new insights and drive innovation. Develop automated analysis and reporting processes (including improvements to data pipelines/ETL processes), reusable tools to improve modeling and analysis workflows Create dashboards, data products, and deploy models for use by stakeholders Develop models and prescriptive analyses to help optimize the performance of our extensive service provider network, from dispatching models, new recruiting tools, etc. Help to guide future call-center policies and procedures through data-driven analysis Improve processes of identification/remediation of faults and gaps in our service provider network Participate in research projects throughout the full process: problem definition, data gathering and cleaning, proof-of-concept analysis, full-scale analysis, model building, productionalization, etc. Communicate research results effectively in written and spoken forms to various audiences including product management, engineering, executives, and customers. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE: Advanced degree in a technical field (physical science, engineering, mathematics) or comparable work experience or 2 years of experience working in a comparable function. SKILLS: Proven ability to manipulate and clean real-world data (preferably in Python) Proficient analytical coding skills (preferably in Python) Experience with data management in relational databases (preferably MySQL, SQL Server, and/or PostgreSQL) and dashboarding tools (Tableau, Looker, Dash, Microsoft Power BI) a plus Ability to deliver insights through effective data visualization Good communication skills both in written (technical documents, Python notebooks) and spoken (meetings, presentations) forms Willing and able to learn and meet business needs Independent, self-organizing, and able to prioritize multiple complex assignments Experience with Machine Learning and/or other advanced statistical techniques; version control (ideally Git) in shared projects; distributed computing and storage frameworks (Spark, Hadoop) a plus WORKING RELATIONSHIPS: Interacts with all levels of management and staff across the organization as well as clients. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
 Data Scientist I: We are seeking a talented individual for a Data Scientist I who is mainly responsible for responding to questions from internal clients, and providing insights gathered from the data after data onboarding. The Data will work closely with business users, product owners, and others in the organization to clearly define problems and articulate questions. The incumbent would accurately answer those questions from the data and perform complex analysis to generate models that could provide potential solutions. The incumbent must be able to clearly communicate the results to non-technical users and be detail-oriented. The incumbent is also responsible in maintaining a reputation for quality and trustworthiness. Essential Responsibilities: Work with stakeholders to identify the business requirements and the expected outcome Collaborate with subject matter experts to select the relevant sources of information Work closely with data engineers to identify gaps in data availability and quality Become an expert in our healthcare datasets Design experiments, test hypotheses, and build models Develop analytic studies with an aim of delivering immediate and actionable insights to business users Work in iterative processes and validates findings Present findings in a clear and compelling format using visualization and storytelling, where necessary Produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables Provide expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization Non-Essential Responsibilities: Performs other functions as assigned Qualifications : Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Ability to translate business customer problems and questions into clear requirements for analysis Ability to write complex and efficient SQL code freehand from scratch Ability to wrangle and analyze data using Python or R Strong understanding of statistics and probability Proficient in Microsoft Power Point, Outlook and Word Ability to work under pressure while managing competing demands and deadlines Well organized with meticulous attention to detail Good understanding of Agile methodology Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Experience with machine learning is a plus Work Conditions and Physical Demands Primarily sedentary work in a general office environment Ability to communicate and exchange information Ability to comprehend and interpret documents and data Requires occasional standing, walking, lifting, and moving objects (up to 10 lbs.) Requires manual dexterity to use computer, telephone and peripherals May be required to work extended hours for special business needs May be required to travel at least 10% of time based on business needs Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree in CS, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or relevant major required Minimum Related Work Experience: 2+ years of work experience in a data analytics role required 2+ years of experience with SQL preferred 2+ years of experience with R or Python preferred Working experience with BI and visualization tools Experience identifying data quality issues and working with data engineer to resolve issues _Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time._ Job Posting : Apr 26, 2018, 2:34:45 PM Work Locations : USA-Massachusetts-Danvers
 Associate Data Scientist: ENGIE Insight, formerly Ecova, partners with multi-site businesses that aim to thrive in a sustainable world. With a foundation of accurate and comprehensive resource data – including energy, water, waste and telecom – we apply technology and people expertise to lower costs, drive efficiencies and reduce environmental impact. More than 1,000 customers, including 25%+ of the Fortune 500, turn to ENGIE Insight to help move their sustainable resource management initiatives forward. ENGIE Insight’s people are our greatest strength, bound by our vision to enable a sustainable world where people, organizations and the environment thrive. We are passionate about making our company and the world a better place; responsible in working with commitment and accountability; collaborative with our colleagues and clients, and agile enough to work in a dynamic, changing industry. The wide-ranging expertise of our diverse team fuels the innovation that places us on the leading edge of the energy industry. As such, we nurture a company culture—through training, mentoring and professional development—that encourages all employees to thrive. If this the kind of place you see yourself working, we invite you to join ENGIE Insight. In order to be considered for the role, your resume must be attached in your application. Position Summary The Associate Data Scientist will be joining an industry-leading R&D; team with extensive academic and industry experience in building energy analytics, solving physical system-based real-life big data problems. The Associate Data Scientist’s work will support the development of new algorithms used to help solve the real-world energy problems. Role Description Mine industrial-size data sets in various states of cleanliness for insights Refine and verify statistical and machine learning algorithms within the Analytics R&D; group Assist the Analytics R&D; team in running energy and algorithmic models and interpreting the results Evaluate business and technology tradeoffs and report them in a manner that product and business teams can make decisions on final specifications Qualifications Role Competencies BS required, advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent field desired Strong mathematical background with teachable knowledge of various analytic methodologies such as signal processing, model selection, model verification, optimization, artificial neural networks, Bayesian, etc.0-3 years of experience developing, testing, and evaluating algorithms including statistical and machine learning Proficient in large-scale SQL/NoSQL database queries, with associated statistical analyses including the following areas: non-linear and multi-variate regressions, logistic regression, time series analyses, and probabilistic and classification models. Intermediate level knowledge of statistical tools (e.g., R, MatLab, etc.) Familiarity with scripting prototyping/scripting languages, e.g., Python Experience with real-world commercial data analytics and visualization Comfortable with working in a fast-paced multidisciplinary environment while maintaining strict customer data privacy requirements Uncompromising integrity and ethical standards Familiarity with cloud storage and processing technologies is desired ENGIE Insight Information Our salaries are competitive and commensurate with experience. We are a performance-based culture and have goal-based incentive programs and generous employee benefits. Our comprehensive benefit package includes medical, dental, vision insurance, life, AD &D;, short- and long-term disability insurance. We also offer flexible spending accounts and 401(k) with a generous employer match. ENGIE Insight is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation or preference, religion, marital status, citizenship, veteran status, or physical or mental disability. Connect with ENGIE Insight: Twitter | LinkedIn | Facebook | Blog | Videos | Webinars Job : Engineering / Projects Primary Location : North America-United States-Massachusetts-Boston Organization : Technology Schedule : Full-time Nature of Responsibility : Professional / First Line team leader Job Posting : Apr 27, 2018, 11:50:31 PM
Data Scientist: Are you looking for unlimited opportunities to develop and succeed? With work that challenges and makes a difference and a flexible and supportive environment, we can help our customers achieve their dreams and aspirations. Are you interested in a Data Scientist position working on multi-dimensional, complex analytic initiatives? John Hancock Retirement Planning Service (RPS) Division is looking for an exceptional data scientist to lead the discovery of hidden information using our massive data and leverage advanced analytics and predictive modeling techniques to enable data-driven strategic decision making. We’re a lean, flat and experimental team that combines science and engineering to identify and inject high-value insights into the Retirement Planning process. The team works in quick iterations, using cutting edge techniques and algorithms that are best suited for the various challenges, which include but not limited to: sales, distribution, marketing and pricing. Results of this work will be presented and transformed in a variety of ways, including interactive visualizations, presentations, publications and web applications. The Data Scientist is accountable for the development and implementation of advanced analytic models to improve business process, and to generate insight in order to support the strategy & goals of the business unit. This position will provide analytics thought leadership, coaching to the data scientists & analysts and support the development of the capabilities of the team. Additional responsibilities include the development of documentation & measurement framework. Responsibilities: Develop & implement models to support business unit and divisional strategy and business pillar initiatives Develop advanced analytics models in order to maximize ROI, revenue and overall profitability. Perform needs analysis with business area (understand business problem & generate hypotheses) Explore, generate & source data relevant to the hypothesis(internal, external, 3rd party) Create, assess, evaluate & Iteratively improve models Calculate model impact/ROI Peer review other Data scientists work Leverage sound judgment, balancing analysis effort vs incremental improvement Measure & communicate analytic results & impact of analytics models Implement measurement & documentation framework against all project work Generate insights in such a way that the businesses can clearly understand the quantifiable value. Enable the business to make clear trade-offs between and among choices, with a reasonable view into the most likely outcomes of each. Turn statistical and computational analysis into user-friendly graphs, charts, and animation. Enable those who aren’t professional data analysts to effectively interpret data. Ability to communicate results and educate others through reports and presentations Provide thought leadership around analytics methodology, tools, and measurement Leverage extensive theoretical and practical knowledge of advanced analytic methods and algorithms, understanding their utility in different problem domains (sparse data, rare event detection, etc), evaluation methodologies and pitfalls, and stays on top of industry & academic developments. Innovate & find creative ways to source & leverage data to support modeling efforts, leveraging structured & unstructured data, and big data technologies. Collaborate with internal stakeholders to develop tools and services such as modeling, dashboard development, decision aids and business case analysis to drive innovation, strategic initiatives and recommend solutions. Coach & provide guidance to data scientists & data analysts Leverage depth of experience in business, technical & analytical problem solving to support & coach other team members Qualifications: Post grad in Statistics, Math, Comp Sci, Engineering or other related discipline (PhD preferred) Minimum of seven years' experience specifically in statistical/data analysis, data mining and predictive modeling Advanced Experience in Python, R, SQL Experience with Tableau or D3 Proficient with various data science methodologies including GLM, clustering, random forests, survival analysis, SVM, text mining, neural network and Bayesian analysis. Track of record of delivering innovative analytical insights to lines of businesses Strong commitment to organizational success and team work Adaptable and open to change with strong collaboration and elaboration skills Demonstrated data transformation & manipulation experience Strong knowledge of strategic marketing, data, audience targeting, segmentation, and customer analysis. Familiarity of vendors that operate in this space Insurance or Financial Services industry experience preferred. Demonstrated experience exhibiting innovation and leadership in proposing new strategies and/or tactics based on analysis findings Experience with Big Data platforms desired Experience with analysis of unstructured data desired Innovative mindset Strong Communication and consulting skills Strong collaboration and elaboration skills About John Hancock Financial and Manulife John Hancock is a division of Manulife Financial Corporation, a leading international financial services group that helps people make their decisions easier and lives better. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States, and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance and wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. Assets under management and administration by Manulife and its subsidiaries were over $1.1 trillion (US$850 billion) as of March 31, 2018. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as MFC on the TSX, NYSE, and PSE, and under 945 on the SEHK. Manulife can be found at manulife.com. One of the largest life insurers in the United States, John Hancock supports approximately 10.7 million Americans with a broad range of financial products, including life insurance, annuities, investments, 401(k) plans, and college savings plans. We also offer advice through Signator, a network of independent financial advisors. Additional information about John Hancock may be found at johnhancock.com. Agency submissions and contacts are by invitation only and must be initiated by John Hancock's Recruiting Department only. Unsolicited agency submissions will not be honored. JOHN HANCOCK IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER - AA/F/M/D/V LI-JH
Data Scientist (Product): We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the band and help drive a data- first culture across Spotify. As a Data Scientist, our mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights and get a deep understanding of music and listeners to impact the strategy and direction of Spotify. You will study user behavior, strategic initiatives, markets, content, and new features and bring data and insights into every decision we make. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. What you’ll do: Perform analyses on large sets of data to extract actionable insights that will help drive decisions across the business Communicate data-driven insights and recommendations to key stakeholders Work closely with cross-functional teams of analysts, product owners, marketers, designers, and others across the company who are passionate about Spotify’s success Work from our offices in Boston Who you are: You have at least 4+years of experience in a similar data scientist role and a degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline. You have a deep understanding of numbers, as well as a strong business sense. You have the technical competence to perform more advanced analytics: Coding skills (such as Python, Java, or Scala) Analytics tools experience (such as Pandas, R, SPSS, SQL, or Hadoop) Experience performing analysis with large datasets You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems. You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms. We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users and our creators. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of changing the way the world listens to music.
 Data Scientist: Are you interested in becoming part of a dynamic team that is looking to innovate and improve? Would you like to work for a company that has been rated by the BBJ (15+yrs) as one of the best places to work? Do you want to be part of a company that is committed to giving back to the community? Harvard Pilgrim Health Care is currently seeking highly motivated individuals to join our organization as Data Scientist. The Data Scientist is expected to provide innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets, recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries. WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING .Participate on multiple and concurrent projects and manage project phases or smaller projects in their entirety. Communicate results and insights in a clear and concise manner to a non-technical audience. Identify, define and translate business needs/problems into analytical questions. Design and execute experiments, models, algorithms, and visualizations. Apply advanced statistical and computational methodologies to provide actionable insights and identify strategic opportunities that optimize quality, consumer experience, and healthcare costs. Develop scalable, efficient, and automated processes for large scale data analyses and model development, validation, and implementation. Perform out-of-the-box thinking, collaborate with others, and make a difference every day! Other duties and projects as assigned. Qualifications WHAT YOU NEED Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer science, Statistics, Epidemiology, or equivalent combination of experience and education. 3+ years of work experience in a Data Scientist or similar role, or equivalent combination of transferrable experience and education; 3+ years experience with advanced statistics and statistical packages (SAS, SQL) as well as Excel/PowerPoint skills (including visual graphics and analytics). Strong willingness and emerging ability to lead projects and manage project phases or smaller projects in their entirety. Emerging ability to think strategically and broadly (end to end process), analyzing complex business problems. Full understanding of data sources and limitations, warehousing system and the impact of the data on business decisions. Ability to prioritize work independently and meet/exceed deadlines. Strong decision making ability, teamwork, collaborative, and communication skills. Proven track record of creating strong actionable insights that drive decision making and business process. Resilient, collaborative, flexible, innovative. WHAT MAKES US STAND OUT Work-Life-Flexibility Paid volunteer time off (up to 3 days annually) Open Time Off Annual Mini-Grant of $500 donated to a non-profit organization of the employee’s choice Educational Reimbursement Working Environment Normal office environment; must have ability to commute between HPHC locations as required by the position. Primary Location : United States of America-Massachusetts-Wellesley Organization : Harvard Pilgrim Health Care, Inc
 Data Scientist: We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our team. Someone who wants to embed themselves into the fabric of the company, tackling not only interesting but also meaningful challenges. You’re not going to be putting together reports, for someone to review, to then discuss, to maybe never incorporate. This isn’t another fintech, “big data,” company. This is a chance to see your efforts directly translate into product and also impact the course of technological development. We are building towards the final frontier of technology, the brain. Principal Duties and Responsibilities End to end hands-on ownership of machine learning systems – including real-world data sets, data pipelines, model generation, training, and real-time predictions Filtration of time series data Cloud-based systems (Amazon Web Services) Breadth of experience across Supervised/Unsupervised/Semi-supervised/Reinforcement learning Develop statistical methods and models for dimensionality reduction in high dimensional problems with noise Quick Proof of Concept (POC) projects for noisy time series data POCs should serve as learning experiences for the organization, so that they can be applied across projects in parallel effort Bonus Experience with biological time series data (e.g., EEG ideal) Experience with human subjects experimental design or data collection Qualifications BS with 5+ years experience/MS with 3+ years /PhD with 1+ yrs in Computer Science/EE/Applied Mathematics/Computational Neuroscience or other relevant STEM field. Or just convince us why you’re the person for the job. Fluency in various machine and deep learning applications/design, especially regarding neural networks (Algorithm design, AI development, PCAs, ICAs, and ensemble methods) Confidence in implementing algorithms in C/C++ or Python Experience with scientific libraries (NumPy, SciKit-learn, SciPy, IPython, Sympy, Pandas, etc…) Mathematical, statistical, and probability inclinations with a deep understanding of AI concepts A track record in signal processing that includes developing, implementing, and validating signal processing algorithms (e.g., FFT, DFFT, Wavelet) for solving real-world problems Research centered techniques for scalable and accurate inferences in graphical models, statistical modeling of data, large-scale combinatorial optimization, and robust decision making under uncertainty Character You know and can admit when something is not great. You can recognize that something you did needs improvement - no one is perfect Comfortable in a small, intense, and high-growth environment You are comfortable disagreeing with others and can respectfully work with them to reach a better solution Desire to create a positive change in the world Ability to rapidly prototype real features in a startup environment A hacker, if something you need doesn’t exist you don’t wait around - you make it Rapidly learn and adapt to new opportunities and ideas Grow with the company to increase the overall whole, both from a professional and personal perspective You reach past your grasp because you know you have a team that will catch you when you fall, which is not only ok - it is encouraged Compensation Salary: $100,000.00 - $120,000.00 Equity Amount: To Be Discussed Insurance: Top Tier Health and Dental | Neurable covers 100% of plan We are looking for someone to start as soon as possible We are not able to provide a Visa or sponsorship We can provide dogs and meaningful work
 Data Scientist — Applied Research: Who We Are: Twitter users generate many terabytes of data every single day; Twitter engineers run hundreds of experiments; Twitter data scientists craft increasingly sophisticated models of users and content. The Applied Research team at Twitter works to measure and understand the satisfaction and motivations of our users. Applied Research is part of the larger Analytics team at Twitter. From modeling individual user behavior to characterizing user populations, our work powers core systems at Twitter and helps inform product strategy. To develop a deep understanding of our users, we use machine learning, statistical modeling, data mining, time series modeling, and many other analytical techniques; we build prototypes; and we perform experiments — all applied at the scale of Twitter. What You’ll Do: You will be a key member of the Applied Research team working closely with our partners in engineering, product, design, and user research. Your work will directly influence the exciting new product areas that Twitter is building. As such, you will: Conduct analyses to learn from our vast amount of data, including exploratory data analysis, investigating A/B test results, observational and network data analysis, etc. Apply advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to model user behavior, identify causal impact and attribution, and build and benchmark metrics Use tools for interacting with large datasets such as Hadoop, Spark, and Presto Use Python or R (or similar) to conduct complex data analyses Use data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau or Zeppelin) Communicate findings to executives and cross-functional product teams Who You Are: You communicate your findings clearly and empathetically to a wide audience of relevant partners and are capable of building meaningful presentations and analyses that tell a “story”. You’re capable of collaborating with our business, engineering, and research colleagues to discover new opportunities that benefit Twitter. You’re a pragmatic problem solver with a strong quantitative background and passion for deriving insights from data. You’re a self-starter who takes initiative and is capable of learning on the job. You have experience owning complex projects from start to finish. You’re excited to learn and apply new data analysis techniques and tools. Requirements: Masters or Ph.D dealing with quantitative analysis or commensurate work experience Strong proficiency with at least one programming language such as Python, R, Java, Scala Experience using quantitative data analysis to solve problems and answer questions We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status. San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 Data & Applied Scientist 2: Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. By bringing business intelligence to productivity and collaboration, our Intelligent Collab team, part of Microsoft Office, is changing the way work gets done. Responsibilities You are a customer-obsessed innovator; you are curious and perceptive. You love data: analyzing, interrogating, and learning from it. You are energized by creating solutions that change what’s possible. You embrace the goal of delighting each customer across the one billion installations worldwide of Microsoft Office – on phones, tablets, web, and desktops. You find a way: when faced with a challenge, you are resourceful and determined. You pull it all together to solve problems, creating data-backed solutions that help people across the globe work together. What do we do? Build models, improve metrics, innovate. On our team, understanding the customer is just the beginning. You will analyze customer data, work to understand customer problems, build models to assess these problems and then work with partner teams to build and ship machine learning models as customer-facing features. A flexible problem-solving attitude with the ability to work independently are vital. You will work cross-team to produce models that will be learned at scale and deployed at scale to Office customers. Who are you? An ideal candidate would be experienced in a wide array of ML techniques, with a focus on problem solving rather than a particular method or tool kit. Opportunities include user modeling, NLP, data insight generation and many more. Experience building and deploying ML models is a definite plus. A desire to do so is required! Qualifications Experience building practical machine learning models with applications to real-world problems. Experience with ML tools to build models and analyze data. (e.g. r, Python, Matlab, scikit-learn) 2+ Years of Industry experience Knowledge of distributed computing systems (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Cosmos) Demonstrated coding skills. Natural Language Processing experience is a plus Master’s degree in Computer Science or Statistics, or equivalent work experience. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.
Analyst, Data and Analysis: Overview Analyst – Data & Analysis Digitas is a highly-caffeinated playground where brilliant minds come together to bring bold, award-winning ideas to life. The Data & Analysis team uses data-driven insights to fuel strategic growth for clients. We believe that data should never exist in a vacuum; instead, it should be put to work to bring the best ideas and stories to our clients To help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Analyst – someone who has a knack for understanding data and telling the story of why it matters. You’ll learn from the best in the business as you work with the team to bring actionable insights to our clients. Up for it? Read on. What you’ll do: As an Analyst, you’ll lay the groundwork and contribute to day-to-day reporting needs for client marketing efforts. You’ll work on brand campaigns, acquisition campaigns, site optimization, and/or online testing strategy. Day-to-day, your role includes: Keeping a pulse on day-to-day performance data, including display media, site, search, email, and/or social campaigns Working in a variety of reporting systems and databases for the creation of recurring reports and dashboards Identifying nuances in data to optimize our clients’ business Supporting marketing initiatives across project and campaign lifecycles, including measurement plans, primary and secondary research, and performance reporting Expanding industry knowledge and relevant skillsets through internal training We’re looking for strong, impactful work experience, which typically includes: 1-3 years of work experience in a relevant industry A four-year college degree Passion for digital marketing, eagerness to learn in a constantly-changing space, and a natural curiosity Familiarity with Excel and/or other data analysis tools such as SQL or Tableau a plus Comfortable in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environment Got what it takes? We’d love to hear from you. Digitas is an equal opportunity employer.
Senior Data Scientist - SEM: TripAdvisor provides a unique, global work environment that captures the speed, innovation and excitement of a startup, at a thriving, growing and well-established industry brand. At TripAdvisor, you will be part of a dynamic, fun, and energetic team where you can immediately make meaningful contributions. Our team is great and we want to make it even better. Are you an exceptional, data-driven individual who wants to join our search engine marketing (SEM) analytics team? Yes? Cool, keep going. You will be responsible for driving millions of users to our global sites each month. Using data science techniques that include predictive modeling and machine learning, this role will be focused on optimizing our SEM campaigns in such areas as auction bid optimization, user-based targeting, remarketing, and landing page optimization. Here is a little flavor for what you will be working on We are modeling how keywords monetize on the site. Improving our model of 2nd price auction dynamics on all the search engines. You will also model how valuable our users are and, we also, work on retargeting them according to that model. Key areas of Responsibility: Perform analysis and develop analytical models to maximize SEM revenue growth. Conduct rigorous testing of new algorithms. Prototype new bidding methods, write specifications, and collaborate with engineering to test and migrate new approaches into production code. Automate ETL and analytics processes. Provide advanced analytical support to the Global TripAdvisor organization. What TripAdvisor is seeking in the Ideal candidate: A results-oriented person who thrives on data and measurement. Ability to extract actionable recommendations from imperfect data of formidable size. Proficiency with a statistical programming environment (e.g. R, Python). Proficiency in data manipulation, cleansing and interpretation. Close familiarity with SQL and Big Data technologies (e.g. Hive, Spark, etc.) 5 years of data science experience. Strong problem solving skills with a pragmatic approach to addressing challenges. Ability to work well with many types of people across multiple global offices. Comfortable with multi-tasking in a very fast-paced work environment. Experience with online auctions, A/B testing, digital advertising, or marketing analytics is a plus. This role will be a combination of individual projects as well as owning “a piece of the pie” LI-BS1
 Data Scientist, Algorithms: We're seeking a talented data scientist interested in developing and deploying models with high business impact. You have very strong coding skills (though not necessarily software engineering experience), and you want to improve and leverage them on data science projects. You're passionate about using advanced statistical methods to tackle tough problems as a data scientist and also about wrapping your solutions in clean code to make data products that are "built to last." About Algorithms Unit: Algorithms Unit is a close-knit group of data scientists within the Pricing & Profitability team that is responsible for dynamically adjusting prices on millions of products worldwide. As the largest and fastest growing e-commerce technology company in the home space, Wayfair interacts with a large volume of product data, user data and order data. This makes predictive analytics solutions critical to managing prices and providing core business solutions. Algorithms Unit develops solutions that affect billions of dollars in revenue and has end-to-end responsibilities for projects. These include data exploration, model selection, optimizing fit, running machine learning algorithms at scale and iterating with experiments for long-term improvement. Candidates should be data-savvy, have strong coding skills, and be driven to complete projects that make a business impact at scale. In this role you will work with a talented and diverse group of PhDs, data scientists, economists, business analysts as well as software engineering teams, so excellent communication skills and keen business sense are crucial. Responsibilities: Develop algorithms that impact billions of dollars in revenue relating to pricing, costs, and other business problems Evaluate performance of current models and iterate on optimization (feature engineering, model selection, parameter tuning) Scout areas of opportunity, create and lead projects from start to finish Write production code and make valuable contributions to the Algorithms Unit toolkit (reusable code) Maintain machine learning models, data processing stages, and scheduled jobs Qualifications: BA/BS/MA/MS plus 2-4 years' experience working with data, or PhD Degree in any quantitative field where data and statistics are important, or mathematics Strong statistical background; machine learning experience highly valued Strong programming skills relevant to data science: Preferred stack: Python + IPython Notebook, NumPy, pandas, machine learning packages R, Matlab and other data/statistical language experience also valued Excellent communication skills, including summarizing/describing your projects Projects demonstrating data prowess and/or coding prowess Bonus: Programming experience on non-data related projects in any languages Experience working with data in a business context Experience with SQL or other databases Experience with big data (Hadoop, Spark) Experience with Git, GitHub, bash / UNIX scripting Check out some of our work here: https://tech.wayfair.com/team-data- science/ About Wayfair Inc. Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for shoppers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from a selection of more than 10 million items across home furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more. Committed to delighting its customers every step of the way, Wayfair is reinventing the way people shop for their homes - from product discovery to final delivery. The Wayfair family of sites includes: Wayfair, an online destination for all things home Joss & Main, where beautiful furniture and finds meet irresistible savings AllModern, unbelievable prices on everything modern Birch Lane, a collection of classic furnishings and timeless home décor Perigold, unparalleled access to the finest home décor and furnishings Wayfair generated $5.2 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended March 31, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 8,700 people. _Wayfair does not accept unsolicited candidate referrals or resumes / CVs from third-party vendors, including recruitment agencies. Wayfair will not be responsible or liable for any fees or costs associated with such unsolicited submissions._
Data Scientist, Infrastructure: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. How would Facebook scale to the next billion users? The Infrastructure Strategy group is responsible for the strategic analysis to support and enable the continued growth critical to Facebook’s infrastructure organization. The ideal candidate will be passionate about Facebook, highly analytical, have strong mathematical aptitude and has experience using data to drive cost effective decision making. This is a full-time position with opportunities in Menlo Park, CA, Seattle WA, and Boston MA. RESPONSIBILITIES Leverage data and business principles to solve large scale web, mobile and data infrastructure problems. Work cross functionally to define problem statements, collect data, build analytical models and make recommendations. Build and maintain data driven optimization models, experiments, forecasting algorithms and capacity constraint models. Leverage tools like R, PHP, Python, Hadoop & SQL to drive efficient analytics. Communicate final recommendations and drive decision making. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Management Science). 5+ years of Scripting with one of these languages (PHP, R, PYTHON). 5+ years of SQL experience. Experienced with packages such as NumPy, SciPy, pandas, scikit-learn, dplyr, ggplot2. 5+ years of data mining / analytics. PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 2 plus years of industry or graduate research experience. Hands-on experience with datasets (i.e. data extraction, cleaning, analysis and presentation). Demonstrated ability to provide insights from data sets. Understanding of statistics and optimization techniques.
Data Scientist: Description The Data Scientist is responsible for applying machine learning techniques to drive innovation for Staples Digital Solutions. This position involves a combination of R &D and consultative activities. The successful candidate will have an opportunity to directly impact strategic planning and future directionality of core technologies and data science services at Staples. Primary Responsibilities Partner with Business Units, Product Development, and Product Management teams to identify and work on high-impact projects utilizing big data analytics and machine learning techniques Research new ways for segmenting, ranking, and modeling behavior of customers Evaluate, validate, and optimize existing algorithms and provide recommendations to Business Provide guidance on analytics and data science initiatives across analytics teams, contractors, and vendors Communicate inter-departmentally, acting as a conduit between strategy and implementation Qualifications Required Skills MS in Data Science or Statistics, or a minimum 3 years of experience in the field Minimum 1 year of experience with data mining, machine learning, and statistical modeling Minimum 1 year of programming experience in one of the languages like Python/R Minimum 1 year of relevant work experience in advanced analytics space Excellent communication skills Strong presentation abilities Preferred Skills Experience with Hadoop Experience with SQL Demonstrated leadership experience _Staples is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law._
Data Scientist: The Data Scientist will be intricately involved in design, build and running of analytical experiments in a methodical manner, and will regularly evaluate alternate models via theoretical approaches. The incumbent will be creating various Machine Learning-based tools or processes within Mass Eye and Ear, such as recommendation engines or automated lead scoring systems. Incumbent should also be able to perform statistical analysis. Develops analysis tools which will influence both our patients as well as our researchers, educators and our providers. The specific data that will be analyzed will be Ophthalmological in nature. The position will report through the Information Services Department, but will work closely with the leaders in the Ophthalmology Service. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or Related field 5+ years’ practical experience with ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills Can clearly communicate complex analytics concepts Ability to work both independently and collaboratively with colleagues Experience with programming language such as Java/Python/R an asset
 Data Scientist: The Team: The Data science team is a newly formed applied research team within S&P; Global Ratings that will be responsible for building and executing a bold vision around using Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Data Science, knowledge engineering, and human computer interfaces for augmenting various business processes. The Impact: This role will have a significant impact on the success of our data science projects ranging from choosing which projects should be undertaken, to delivering highest quality solution, ultimately enabling our business processes and products with AI and Data Science solutions. What’s in it for you: This is a high visibility team with an opportunity to make a very meaningful impact on the future direction of the company. You will work with senior leaders in the organization to help define, build, and transform our business. You will work closely with other senior scientists to create state of the art Augmented Intelligence, Data Science and Machine Learning solutions. Responsibilities: As a Data Scientist you will be responsible for building AI and Data Science models. You will need to rapidly prototype various algorithmic implementations and test their efficacy using appropriate experimental design and hypothesis validation. Basic Qualifications: BS in Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, or related field with 5+ years of relevant industry experience. Preferred Qualifications: MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Computational Linguistics, Artificial Intelligence or related field with 3+ years of relevant industry experience. Experience with Financial data sets, or S&P;’s credit ratings process is highly preferred. Knowledge and working experience in one or more of the following areas: Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Question Answering, Text Mining, Information Retrieval, Distributional Semantics, Data Science, Knowledge Engineering Proficient programming skills in a high-level language (e.g. Java, Scala, Python, C/C++, Perl, Matlab, R) Experience with statistical data analysis, experimental design, and hypotheses validation Project-based experience with some of the following tools: Applied machine learning (e.g. libSVM, Shogun, Scikit-learn or similar) Natural Language Processing (e.g., ClearTK, ScalaNLP/Breeze, ClearNLP, OpenNLP, NLTK, or similar) Statistical data analysis and experimental design (e.g., using R, Matlab, iPython, etc.) Information retrieval and search engines, e.g. Solr/Lucene Distributed computing platforms, such as Hadoop (Hive, HBase, Pig), Spark, GraphLab Databases (traditional and noSQL) At S&P; Global, we don’t give you intelligence—we give you essential intelligence. The essential intelligence you need to make decisions with conviction. We’re the world’s foremost provider of ratings, benchmarks and analytics in the global capital and commodity markets. Our divisions include: S&P; Global Ratings, which provides credit ratings, research and insights essential to driving growth and transparency. S&P; Global Market Intelligence, which provides insights into companies, markets and data so that business and financial decisions can be made with conviction. S&P; Dow Jones Indices, the world’s largest resource for iconic and innovative indices, which helps investors pinpoint global opportunities. S&P; Global Platts, which equips customers to identify and seize opportunities in energy and commodities, stimulating business growth and market transparency. To all recruitment agencies: S&P; Global does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward such resumes to any S&P; Global employee, office location or website. S&P; Global will not be responsible for any fees related to such resumes. S&P; Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person. The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdfdescribes discrimination protections under federal law.
 Data Scientist: Founded in 1994, Digital River is recognized as a leading global provider of Commerce-as-a-Service solutions. Companies of all sizes rely on Digital River’s multi-tenant, SaaS commerce, payments and marketing services to manage and grow their online businesses. Digital River has helped companies process more than $30 billion in online transactions, connecting B2B and B2C digital products and cloud service companies as well as branded manufacturers with buyers across multiple devices and channels, and nearly every country in the world. We are fortunate at Digital River to work with some of the e-commerce industry’s brightest talent. We have professionals on the ground in nearly every region of the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Our employees are experts in e-commerce, e-marketing, creative site design and merchandising, global tax and compliance laws, fraud prevention, international payments and more. To attract and retain the best-of-the-best, we invest a great deal of time and effort in creating a community that people want to be part of and high performance culture where they can grow. Momentum is what we have and growth is our plan. We are looking for people who are energized by making an impact, having autonomy in their work and who want the ability to look back at what they have accomplished and say “wow.” If you are someone who loves being part of a team that is more like a family and likes to work for companies at the top of their game, join Digital River. We are seeking a Data Scientist in our Minnetonka, MN office. The Data Scientist will help develop and implement new technologies, create data-driven insights/solutions that influence the decision-making process and act as a subject matter expert in multiple areas of the platform and/or business. The Data Scientist will be a primary driver of projects within the larger team, ensure goals and deadlines are met, and collaborate with leaders in various departments. What You’ll Do: Technical Development: Works with Software, Product and Engineering teams to assist with the development of predictive analytics to obtain insights from data to improve ecommerce activities through algorithms which can go from prototype to production quickly Identify and works to implement data processes from data collection, modeling and insights Provide insights to practices and technologies including, artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning Participates in the research, design, implementation and validation of algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes Monitor, analyze, and iterate processes and algorithms to continuously improve solutions Maintains proficiency in statistical/mathematical/informatics modeling methodology, and to be competent in justifying methods selected Project Management/Measurement: Collaborate with business leaders, engineering, finance, sales teams, and other stakeholders to develop and apply analytical solutions that answer business questions, solve business needs, and add business value Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers to drive actionable measures What You’ll Need to Succeed: Previous professional experience with Java Development Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Related field 2+ years of experience in Data Sciences Very strong problem-solving skills, and demonstrates solid oral and written communication skills Proven ability to organize/project manage, prioritize, and handle multiple tasks/assignments simultaneously Proficiency in computer programming using technologies and languages like C, Java, R, Python, Scala or related Knowledge of relational databases, multi-dimensional and NoSQL concepts with ability to perform complex queries and ETL processing for analysis. WHY DIGITAL RIVER: Digital River provides numerous benefits to our employees. On-site benefits include: Free Parking Cafeteria and Starbucks Coffee Workout facility and group fitness classes Monthly bring-your-dog-to-work days Recreation area with foosball, pinball, and table tennis Pond hockey games in the beautiful Digital River backyard Friday social hour Casual work environment with friendly faces Other benefits include: Digital River In Action, an employee volunteer organization aiding those in need in the Twin Cities area The Green Team, a resource acting in support of an environmentally conscious workforce Competitive benefits package to full time employees: 401(k) plan Medical-dental-vision and life insurance Paid short and long-term disability Holiday and vacation days
Data Scientist - MN: Position Summary The Data Scientist will perform analyses of structured & unstructured data to solve multiple & complex business problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques & mathematical analyses & specialized expertise in organization and/or industry. A Bind Data Scientist directs and participates as an active, hands-on member a team of Data Scientists to design, develop, and implement end-to-end cloud based machine learning production pipelines (data exploration, sampling, training data generation, feature engineering, model building, and performance evaluation). Location: Minneapolis Department: Data Science Reports To: Data Science Lead Employee Status: Full-Time, Regular, Exempt Responsibilities: Ensures that data pipelines are scalable, repeatable, and secure, and can serve multiple users within the company Collects, parses, manages and analyzes and visualizes large sets of data using multiple platforms Codes, tests, and documents new or modified data systems to create robust and scalable applications for data analytics Works with developers to make sure that all data solutions are consistent and ensures all automated processes to preserve data by managing the alignment of data availability and integration processes Essential Role Requirements _Education:_ Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Mathematics, Computer Science, or a related quantitative discipline required. Masters in Statistics preferred. _Required Experience:_ Experience working with a team of Data Scientists Experience working with both Structured AND Unstructured data Demonstrated experience with agile or other rapid application development methods Health Care Data Experience required Experience with Medical Claims Data Ability and Experience to write Python code against Health Care Data Experience with developing predictive models using machine learning methods; performing data quality assessment, data integration & transformation in preparation for analytics modeling Extensive knowledge in different programming or scripting languages along with writing / running mark-up data Expert knowledge of data modeling and understanding of different data structures _Preferred Skills:_ Experience with any of the following technologies: R, SQL Server, Java, Hadoop, Hive, SPSS Modeler, SPSS Statistics, Jupyter Workbook, HTML What is Bind? Bind rewired health benefits to be on-demand. This means people are covered for what they need and have the flexibility to add more coverage if or when they need it. The Bind plan puts the power in people's hands, where it belongs, and allows them to design their health benefits coverage on-the-go, based on their life and needs. The Bind app and website lets people see the total cost of care, and what their copays will be, well in advance of getting treated. No more confusing coinsurance and deductible formulas; Bind keeps things clear and simple. Why Bind? We believe a career at Bind should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, plus cutting-edge technology and services that focus on innovation and scale - more reasons to love it here.
Data Scientist, Modeling &Simulation: At Ingersoll Rand we are passionate about inspiring progress around the world. We advance the quality of life by creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments. Our people and our family of brands-includingClub Car®, Ingersoll Rand®,Thermo King®, Trane®, American Standard® Heating & Air Conditioning and ARO® - work together to enhance the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings; transport and protect food and perishables; and increase industrial productivity and efficiency. We are a global business committed to a world of sustainable progress and enduring results. For more information, visitwww.ingersollrand.com. Ingersoll Rand is a diverse and inclusive environment. We are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to hiring a diverse workforce; including individuals with disabilities and United States qualified protected veterans. Job Summary? Ingersoll Rand Modeling and Simulation NoE is seeking a Data Scientist to join a world-class team applying innovative analytic approaches to extremely complex problems in the areas of industrial internet (IoT), equipment performance management and related engineering domains. The Data Scientist M &S designs, develops and maintains data based models applicable to IR products as well as improves and standardizes application of tools and applications across different business units, providing sound guidance to end- users and sharing best practices globally. This position is focused on developing models to improve Ingersoll Rand products, including models, data richness and quality. The incumbent is responsible for model management, integrating with existing systems, as well as identifying and implementing improvements to these processes. Responsibilities: Development and implement of state of the art statistical and machine learning models to enable predictive and prescriptive strategies Develop performance models using machine learning for any instrumented piece of equipment, including specific components/subsystems (compressors, heat exchangers, pumps, coils and/or fans). Test and evaluate the quality of algorithms using statistical methods. Interface with engineers and modelers to create and improve understanding of predictive and descriptive models. Works closely with global team members, cross-functional associates and internal customers in dynamic environment, to gather requirements, provide updates/reports, etc. Improves and standardizes application of tools and models across business units, providing sound guidance and training to end-users and sharing best practices. Documents work per established internal standards and suggest improvements to procedures. Develop a clear understanding of customer requirements and meet or exceed those expectations. Conceptualize & develop project ideas leading to new advanced capability development in related domain areas to keep IR to the leading edge of technology. Identify internal and external collaborative opportunities in the domain area. Leads internal projects and reports project progress for quality, deliverables and cost. Travel - 10% Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Data Science (or Statistics-related discipline with machine data experience IoT) required. Master's degree preferred. At least 2 years of experience applying data-driven modeling Key Competencies: Intermediate knowledge in the following technologies: R, Python, SQL and ability to adapt to new technologies, as necessary. Familiar with tools such as Alteryx, SAS, Tableau, RapidMiner is a plus. Understanding of engineering data and physics-based models and simulations. Intermediate knowledge of machine learning modeling techniques, and experience visualizing model outputs for engineers, customers and stakeholders. Communicate compellingly. Convert insights from analytics to stories. Be an advocate for data science and machine learning, and how to create new capabilities and drive transformation. Experience in statistical inference, unsupervised machine learning, supervised machine learning, reliability/survivability models, and/or predictive maintenance. Basic experience with neural nets, cross validation, hyperparameter tuning is desired. Good understanding of large-scale data mining and machine learning techniques for clustering, classification, regression, and anomaly detection. Ability to manipulate and visualize both structured and non-structured datasets. Advanced knowledge of database systems including relational, column store and data marts Strong written & verbal English communication skills to interface effectively with team members, customers and stakeholders (senior leaders) in North America and other parts of the world. We are committed to helping you reach your professional, personal and financial goals. We offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employee, which, in turn, spurs innovation, generates creative solutions and enhances our customer relations. If you share our passion for inspiring progress-for bringing about bold shifts in how people, economies and societies operate-then you belong with Ingersoll Rand. Progress begins with you.
 Data Scientist: The Data Scientist will be responsible for designing and directing experiments and observational studies to optimize our marketing efforts. This role requires an individual with a strong ability to communicate and collaborate across functional teams, in addition to outstanding analytical and critical thinking skills. The role will have a strong focus on experimental design to support the LifeTouch brand. Responsibilities: Directly impact resource allocation decisions by designing and directing experiments and observational studies Partner with the marketing and business strategy teams to define and test hypotheses that answer critical business questions Perform deep-dive statistical analysis on large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets. Develop and contribute to a base of understanding that allows us to make optimal resource allocation decisions Qualifications: Advanced degree (MS, Ph.D.) in quantitative fields, and 2-3 years of experience with a range of techniques, tools, and methods related to data mining and statistical analysis Strong ability with a statistical language such as R or SAS, and hands-on experience using a variety of analytical methods Experience with or strong working knowledge of experimental design concepts, regardless of industry/discipline Hands-on experience with SQL, working knowledge of database design Familiarity with internet marketing data collection methods and marketing technology, including search marketing, social marketing, and ad serving platforms Creative mind with strong communication and interpersonal skills; talented with simplifying abstract business issues and large amounts of data into actionable analyses; must be able to interact with diverse groups of technical and non-technical people Track record of contributing to successful end-to-end analytic solutions (clarifying business objectives and hypotheses, communicating project deliverables and timelines, and informing action based on findings) Strong desire to articulate business recommendations based on analytical work This position is full-time and based in Redwood City, CA or Eden Prairie, Minnesota.
 Data Scientist ∞ (Maplewood, MN): 3M is seeking an experienced Data Scientist - Digital Twin Technology for the Corporate Supply Chain Operations & Services organization located in Maplewood, Minnesota. At 3M, you can apply your talents in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : The ideal candidate for the position of Data Scientist is passionate about digging into large amounts of data, both known and unknown, structured and unstructured. This individual must have a strong interest in developing data and analytics solutions to address business problems, can interact effectively with both the technology teams and the business units. You will contribute significantly to the vision of our data environment and our capabilities of analytics and data science. This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Conduct a variety of data analytics such as: predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining, and other data analysis techniques to extract insights from structured and unstructured data. Research and explore data sources, work with data and systems experts to understand the data and what it represents Participate in projects related to machine learning, data mining, signal processing, sensors and electronics and computational statistics Work independently to develop data solutions, understand, break down and explain complex algorithms Use various forecast methods including time series, neural networks and other non-linear methods Implement relevant computational algorithms in software that support 3M business Build strong working relationships and communicate effectively with other engineers and data scientists Basic Qualifications: Possess a Master’s degree or higher in a science or engineering discipline from an accredited institution Minimum two (2) years of data analysis experience (e.g. predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining) Experience in programming in Python and/or R Experience in machine learning and statistical algorithms Preferred Qualifications: Ph.D. in Data Science, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or other directly related field Experience in programming (e.g. R, Python, Matlab, C++) Experience with machine learning tools including SVM, logistic regression, and random forest Experience with deep learning methods and applications SAP experience SQL experience Experience in computer or scientific programming Experience with big data and big data platforms Solid communication skills Location: Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic/international Relocation: Is authorized Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status). Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws. U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens. To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s).
 Data Scientist: Data Scientist, Needs to have AWS experience Identifying necessary, relevant, and Client data sources residing throughout the company (but often silo-ed from neighboring operations), from Amazon (an enormous source of diverse information), from third party vendors, from government agencies, and from Client – yet to be acknowledged sources. Acquiring data, which often means building the necessary SQL / ETL queries, import processes through various company specific interfaces for accessing Oracle and Red Shift storage systems, but also by building relationships with stakeholders and counterparts all over the world in order to form trusting, functional relationships that provide for a sustainable flow and sharing of information. Exploring data will occupy the largest portion of attention, and should be second nature in order to deeply understand the phenomenon being modeled, and the validity and reliability of the inputs, including but not limited to inspecting univariate distributions, exploring bivariate relationships, constructing appropriate transformations, and tracking down the source and meaning of anomalies when and where they arise. Model building should draw from any approach that enhances accuracy and understanding including statistical modeling, mathematical modeling, econometric modeling, network modeling, social network modeling, natural language processing, machine learning, algorithms, genetic algorithms, and neural networks. Implementing models from the initial evaluation of the computational demands, accuracy, and reliability of the relevant ETL processes, and the integrity of the data sources in production, to the computational demands, accuracy, and reliability of the simpler scoring processes, to the computational demands, accuracy, and reliability of model training in higher and higher frequencies in the production environment. 8+ Minneapolis, MN Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company.
Data Scientist: If you think windows and doors aren’t technology-driven, think again. We're constantly setting new standards for windows and doors that raise the bar for the entire industry. From the products themselves, to the way they are produced and sold, Andersen is looking for professionals like you who can help us expand the future of windows and doors. PURPOSE: The Data Scientist will utilize their analytical, statistical and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. Then use this information to assist in the development of data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. This role will support all areas of the business working closely with cross-functional teams and various stakeholders to improve business outcomes. In addition, this role can strategically influence the data science program at Andersen. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Work independently with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Assess various data sources and utilize data gathering techniques for preparing data for analysis. Mine and analyze data from company databases and external data sources to drive optimization and improvement of business strategies. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Communicate discoveries and outcomes to stakeholders. Drive acceptance of your solutions and influence decision-makers to use the results of your work. Understand and anticipate problems, move with speed to solve them and enable your partners to make better decisions more quickly. Qualifications CULTURE AND BENEFITS: Our vision is to make the world a better place by living up to the promise that everyone benefits from their association with Andersen. We’re committed to making a difference through challenging ourselves each day, recognizing and rewarding success, taking pride in our work and honoring a legacy built on doing the right thing. There is great respect for life outside work so that you can bring your best self to work. We are committed to demonstrating mutual respect and appreciation of our similarities and differences so that each employee can realize his/her potential and we exceed our customers’ expectations. As an innovative and industry-leading organization, we think of benefits more broadly. From your health care to your work environment, to your development and quality of life, we think beyond basic benefits to provide a total rewards package including, but not limited to: Medical/Dental/Vision/Life Insurance Health Savings Account contributions Paid holidays plus PTO 401(k) plan & contributions Professional development & tuition reimbursement opportunities A culture that supports work-life balance An environment where collaboration is key Volunteer opportunities – on company time Environmentally conscious business decisions 10,000+ employees and career opportunities nationwide QUALIFICATION AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor degree in mathematics, statistics or computer science; Master degree preferred. Typically requires 3-5 years of relevant quantitative and qualitive research and analytics experience. Proficient at scale with statistical analysis, exploratory data mining, and predictive modeling techniques. Strong proficiency in applying statistical techniques using a range of software/codebases. Ability to communicate complex data theories to technical and non-technical audiences. Proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytic, and optimization algorithms. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to speak to both business and technical teams as well as clearly translate ideas between them. Passionate about data science and analytics and the value that can be created through information exploitation.
 Data Scientist Job: The Data Scientist develops predictive and prescriptive models based on large- scale datasets to address various business problems by leveraging advanced multi-variate statistical modeling, machine learning and data mining techniques. The Data Scientist will work under the guidance of Advanced Analytics Manager to push the boundaries of traditional analytics to answer questions and produce actionable output that serves to support Star improvement and Risk Adjustment Optimization efforts to improve the quality of care as well as to manage the risk of our members. In this role, the Data Scientist works closely with the ERA & STAR Analytics team and other teams in the Center of Excellence to identify areas of interest for member facing interventions, to define the scope of technical requirements, to develop analytic solutions and statistical models for risk & outcome studies, and to collaborate with other data analysts to produce deliverables in a timely manner. This work requires a commitment to best-in- class analytics and a willingness to effectively engage in a matrixed environment to champion a data driven culture to Stars improvement and Enterprise Risk Adjustment efforts. The position will call upon a nuanced understanding of health services research and/or related public health research domains, as well as the technical application of various machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, predictive reasoning, and traditional econometric methods that are part of both big and small data solutions. Accountabilities 1\. Designs experiments, formulates hypothesis, conduct multi-variate statistical analyses and builds models to drive insights and recommendations. 2\. Develops solutions to key strategic problems (such as the accurate identification of members for gap closure) and quality improvement opportunities thorough traditional and new analytics, including data science methods that will drive improved performance on Center of Excellence initiatives. 3\. Analyzes administrative claims data - Medicare and ACA Marketplace - to answer health services research questions on costs, utilization or outcomes, using advanced statistical and econometric methods. 4\. Ensures Blue Cross is employing state-of-the-art methods to Star and Enterprise Risk Adjustment problems by staying up to date on trends in analytics and investigates new tools to implement new methodologies and techniques. 5\. Develops innovative and effective approaches to solve analytics problems. Effectively communicates results and methodologies. 6\. Independently manages multiple projects through the analytic life cycle (discovery, description, prediction, and prescription). Identifies, translates and applies best practices to assigned projects. 7\. Provides guidance to junior-level analysts on data management, data analysis techniques, communication with non-technical stakeholders, project management, and healthcare industry knowledge. Requirements Bachelor's degree with a quantitative emphasis, including business, actuarial science, quantitative social science, mathematics, statistics, or computer science required. 5 years of progressive industry experience in data analysis methods and tools. Demonstrated ability to evaluate quantitative data from multiple sources using statistical modeling, analytical methods, and critical thinking skills. Demonstrated professional experience with statistical software suites (SAS, R, ); strong understanding of database structure, relational database concepts, Big data platforms (e.g. Hadoop, Aster), and data architecture; exposure to Unix environments. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and infer valid conclusions. Strong problem-solving skills exhibited by the ability to approach complex, ambiguous business issues with creative ideas and solution Demonstrated experience in collaboration, teamwork, and cross-functional communication within a business enviroment. Effective, concise, and professional written, verbal and presentation skills, both technical and non-technial. Flexible, self-motivated, and continuously seeking ways to improve. Preferred Requirements Masters degree in health services research or statistics or related area. Knowledge of healthcare industry including familiarity with health policy, health insurance, benefit plans and product features, provider contracting approaches, reimbursement approaches and health management approaches. Knowledge of Risk Adjustment strongly preferred. FLSA Status Exempt Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic.
 UR - Data Scientist (Maplewood, MN): 3M is seeking Data Scientists with specialization in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and/or Algorithm Engineering for our Research and Development (R &D;) laboratories located in Maplewood, Minnesota. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary: At 3M, Science Applied to Life isn’t just a slogan – it’s what our data scientists do every day. Our data scientists help improve lives of people with respiratory issues, enable autonomous transportation, keep workers and soldiers safe, and advance health information systems. Our broad market presence and global reach enables your work to have significant impact. 3M is headquartered in the beautiful Twin Cities of Minnesota, known nationwide for their outdoor recreation opportunities, thriving arts, professional sports, and high quality of life. The person hired for the position of Data Scientist will develop technologies in the areas of machine learning, data science, deep learning, artificial intelligence, or computer vision that create new opportunities for 3M and will develop digital products and solutions, capitalizing on 3M’s unique materials, advanced technologies, and global reach. At 3M, our data scientists and engineers analyze data, create algorithms, and develop real- world solutions for many businesses and markets, including health information, worker safety, digital oral care, power grid, transportation, novel inspection and measurement processes for manufacturing, and many more. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Leverage expertise to develop and lead new data analytics technologies for product development or for manufacturing systems, providing new growth opportunities in addition to supporting existing 3M products and businesses Work with global teams to implement impactful solutions in 3M’s diverse markets File patent applications, publish, and present at appropriate conferences Collaborate with research teams in corporate research and in business labs to build capabilities and applications to solve emerging challenges Analyze data, develop algorithms, and deploy solutions based on real-world data Basic Qualifications: Possess or in the final year of pursuing a M.S. or Ph.D. degree, or a Post-Doctoral fellow, in a science or engineering discipline from an accredited university Preferred Qualifications: Possess or in the final year of pursuing a M.S. or Ph.D. degree or post-doctoral fellowship in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, Cognitive Science, Software Engineering, Applied Physics, Applied Mathematics, or related discipline from an accredited university Training and/or experience in deep learning, machine learning, data science, computer vision, artificial intelligence, statistics, and/or applied mathematics through thesis work, internships, or industry or national lab employment Expertise in computer vision sub-disciplines such as: image analysis, 3D computer vision, embedded and real-time computer vision, video, analysis and reduction of high-dimensional data, and 3D sensor data (ToF, Stereo, Structured Light, Lidars). Fluent in one or more programming languages (e.g. Python, MATLAB, C, C++, Java, and/or R) Experienced with Azure and AWS cloud services and data analytics tools Strong scientific and technical acumen, with demonstrated interest and ability to make connections between science/technology and real-world concerns Ability to deal with the ambiguity of early-stage scouting and evaluation of new opportunities and the flexibility to change direction as additional information becomes available Demonstrated scientific excellence as evidenced by publications and presentations Self-motivated and self-directed Strong problem-solving skills Excellent communication skills (oral, written, and presentation) Location: Maplewood, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic travel Relocation: Is authorized _Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws._ _U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens._ _To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s)._ _The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election._
Environmental Remote Sensing Data Scientist: Qualifications Required Qualifications: PhD in Environmental Sciences, Environmental Economics or fields with heavy focus on these disciplines Demonstrable practical experience working with geospatial datasets and environmental remote sensing Excellent written and verbal communication skills. You will need to be able to explain yourself and your methods both within IonE, as well at conferences, in academic papers, and with business partners and customers. Experience with data analysis & visualization using Python or R Experience acquiring and manipulating spatial data and knowledge of GIS data Preferred Qualifications: Prior experience with ESG/sustainability data Experience with financial data/analytics and Experience with predictive analytics, and/or machine learning a plus About the Job Our mission is to detect and quantify the impacts of industrial and agricultural practices on climate stability and ecosystem services in near real time on a continuous basis – and attribute the source to the party responsible. To do that, we are expanding our environmental data science team to generate actionable insights from remote sensing via satellite. Current team members come from diverse backgrounds including conservation practice, environmental economics, ecology, operations research, behavioral research, and computer science. Along with our team of environmental researchers and data scientists at IonE, you will work with our commercial partners – including product managers, sales, software engineers and aerospace engineers – to build data-driven products and solutions for the financial markets. Our goals are that you help our team strengthen connections with the remote sensing community within and outside the Institute on the Environment, and specifically that you will also help develop a continuously-processing live data feed and provide scientific (not technical) support for end users of the data (e.g. quantitative financial analysts, financial traders, institutional asset managers). The work is fast-paced, highly iterative, and continuously trading off between what works and what is best. Data analysis typically involves rigorous testing and fact checking at every step of the way. If you enjoy working with data to build products and solve hard real-world environmental problems in creative ways, you will fit right in. This is a Post-Doctoral Associate position and will be for a 12-month period; extension of the appointment will be dependent on availability of funding. For consideration of this position, please submit these materials: CV Cover Letter Sample(s) of professional writing Job Duties Build and maintain geospatial datasets – from multiple sources, updated daily – which spatially and temporally detect where and when harmful practices took place. Automate processes as needed. Acquire, build and maintain datasets for attributing events to the companies responsible. Fact check like an investigative reporter as needed. Quantify emissions’ impacts on climate, ecosystem services and public health; develop normalized risk metrics for comparing practices of one company to another. Conceive of and implement experiments to test hypotheses regarding (statistical) behavior of data/models/products Work with commercial partner to compile, package and deliver data in a manner that is timely and actionable for financial end users Be “on call” to maintain live datafeeds and provide timely pre- and post-sales scientific (not technical) support during business hours for end users Translate product management, engineering, and business constraints and queries into tractable environmental data science questions Iterate rapidly on everything; all of the above happens in a relatively fast- paced “business driven” environment, you must be comfortable with that. Other related duties as assigned About the Department The Institute on the Environment (IonE) seeks to lead the way toward a future in which people and the environment prosper together. IonE is accelerating the transition to this future by supporting breakthrough research across disciplines, developing the next generation of global leaders and building transformative partnerships across the state, region and globe. IonE prides itself on not being academia as usual. At IonE, we go out of our way to collaborate with external partners while bringing different academic fields of expertise together within the University — all with an eye towards being responsive, agile and entrepreneurial in the face of a changing world. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. If you find any barriers to this application process or have questions about the process, you may contact IonE directly at ione@umn.edu . To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. IonE celebrates diversity and we are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.
 Internship - Data Science Intern (Maplewood, MN): 3M is seeking a Data Science Intern for the Digital Twin Technology for the Corporate Supply Chain Operations & Services organization located in Maplewood, Minnesota for summer 2019. Here, you go! As an intern, you can grow through challenging work, get involved in meaningful projects and receive great coaching from our leaders. An internship is a temporary position within 3M. Interns typically work a full-time schedule throughout a 10-12 week assignment. This position is limited to working 899 hours per service credit year. 3M provides eligible interns with temporary housing and covers a portion of housing costs, as well as round-trip travel reimbursement in accordance with current policy. Applications on this requisition are reviewed and filled on a rolling basis; it is in a candidate’s best interest to apply as soon as possible. Interested candidates should include a resume as part of their application. About 3M: 3M is a global science company that never stops inventing. Our inventions have improved daily life for hundreds of millions of people all over the world. With $32 billion in sales, our 91,000 employees connect with customers all around the world. Scientists, researchers and marketers work across countries and across subjects to solve challenges big and small. Working at 3M M&SC; – Digitization and Advanced Analytics Department provides unique opportunity to be exposed to all areas of the company. As a Data Science Intern, your primary responsibilities will include but are not limited to the following: Participate in real - life projects related to M&SC; operations and services. Conduct a variety of data analytics such as: predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining, and other data analysis techniques to extract insights from structured and unstructured data. Use various forecast methods including time series, neural networks and other non-linear methods Implement relevant computational algorithms in software that support 3M business Build working relationships and communicate effectively with team members Basic Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Master's degree, or higher, in Science or Engineering from an accredited university Preferred Qualifications: Currently pursuing a Master's degree, or higher, in Computer Science, Applied Math/Statistics, or directly related from an accredited university Current cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher on a 4.0 scale Experience in programming in Python or R Experience using machine learning and statistical algorithms Data analysis experience (e.g. predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, data mining) Experience in computer or scientific programming Experience in machine learning and statistical algorithm development Completed at minimum a year at MS program by the start of the internship Previous experience as a 3M Intern or Technical Aide OR internship with a manufacturing company This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. _Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws._ _U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens._ _To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s)._ _The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election._ _Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without a sponsorship for employment visa status (e.e. H1B status)._
 Material Scientist: WELCOME TO SHERWIN-WILLIAMS Sherwin-Williams is the largest paints and coatings company in the world. With $15.8 billion in sales, more than 4,100 stores, and 140 manufacturing and distribution centers worldwide. Our 60,000 employees across the globe are diverse, innovative and passionate. With a variety of rewarding and challenging opportunities, Sherwin-Williams is a great place to launch and grow a career. Find yours and join us today. The Chemist position focuses on the development and execution of materials characterization methods that enable the design of coatings with exceptional application and cured film performance. The successful candidate for this position will have experience in creating and executing materials characterization projects, programs, or methodologies and working collaboratively with key stakeholders. Responsibilities include the characterization of formulations and products to expand scientific understanding of coating performance which leads to accelerated new product development. This position reports to the Performance Coatings Group Materials Science Technical Manager. CORE RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS 1\. Executes materials science research programs in collaboration with business unit R&D; teams that expand scientific understanding or new test methodologies which lead to accelerated product development. 2\. Create and execute materials characterization methodologies that add value or solve problems for our internal and external customers. Clearly articulate the plan to the technical teams to align objectives. 3\. Develop capabilities and formulation guidelines to enable the design of coatings with exceptional application and cured film performance 4\. Respond to highly technical and complex questions and concerns from customers, research professionals, quality control, and other internal and external parties regarding development and related programs and services. Presents results and plans to internal and external customers 5\. Initiate and manage collaborative programs with external partners (universities, suppliers, instrument manufactures, etc.) to compliment internal capabilities and enhance results. 6\. Develops project objectives, which includes proposed budgets, timelines, materials, personnel, determining project feasibility, and other project requirements, and receives management approval. 7\. Reads and interprets patents, examines new product concepts and technology, and determines how to meet customer needs and market demands. POSITION REQUIREMENTS 1\. FORMAL EDUCATION: a. Required: Bachelor’s degree in materials science, chemical engineering, materials engineering, chemistry or related field of study. b. Preferred: Master’s degree or PhD preferred. Expertise in rheology, fluid atomization, or mechanical performance is desired. 2\. KNOWLEDGE & EXPERIENCE: a. Required: Track record of creating and applying physical characterization methods to product development and problem solving b. Preferred: Experience of >3 years in an industrial setting 3\. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Must be able to sit, stand, hear, and see on a constant basis. Must be able to walk, write, and type on a frequent basis. Must be able to lift and carry up to 50 pounds. Must be able to climb and descend stairs. Must be able to bend, carry, reach, push, and pull on an occasional basis. Must be able to communicate verbally and in writing. May work indoors and outdoors as needed. Exposure to heat up to 120 degrees and cold to 0 degrees. May work in areas where noise level is such that hearing protection is required. May work in areas where toxic, flammable, and hazardous materials are present. May be exposed to varying amounts of dust and dirt. Work surfaces may include concrete. Employee must be able to tolerate non-toxic paint odors and be able to wear a respirator as required. Employee must be able to operate a computer and communicate via telephone. Some travel to other locations, meetings and/or seminars is required. Valid driver’s license. 4\. TECHNICAL/SKILL REQUIREMENTS: a. Required: Supervising and evaluating employees Administering technology programs Applying business administration principles and practices Applying project management principles and practices Developing and monitoring project budgets Interpreting and applying department policies and procedures and applicable laws, rules, and regulations Applying comprehensive application methods and procedures Interpreting data and developing reports Working with internal and external customers Communicating technical information Reading and interpreting patents Applying commercialization principles and practices PC skills; Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook); and other applicable applications Communicating with co-workers to provide and receive direction 5\. TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS: 10% Basic Requirements o Bachelor’s degree in materials science, chemical engineering, materials engineering, chemistry or related field of study o Must be proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point). o Must be able to travel overnight. o Must have at minimum, a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university. o Must have the legal right to work in the country for which you are applying for employment.
 Data Scientist Job: For more than 80 years, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota has been passionate about improving health. We provide quality, cost-effective health plans and innovative programs that make a healthy difference in people’s lives. Blue Cross is the largest health plan based in Minnesota, covering nearly 3 million members in the state and across the country. We strive to help all Minnesotans overcome the barriers to good health. We offer our employees a comprehensive benefits, compensation and total rewards package to keep you and your family healthy and to secure your financial future. Our Employee Resource Groups help us advance health equity while promoting a diverse and inclusive work environment. Join us and make a healthy difference in people’s lives through the work you do every day. Together, we'll make Minnesota a better place to live — and a healthier one. Description Summary The Data Scientist develops predictive and prescriptive models based on large- scale datasets to address various business problems by leveraging advanced multi-variate statistical modeling, machine learning and data mining techniques. The Data Scientist will work under the guidance of Advanced Analytics Manager to push the boundaries of traditional analytics to answer questions and produce actionable output that serves to support Star improvement and Risk Adjustment Optimization efforts to improve the quality of care as well as to manage the risk of our members. In this role, the Data Scientist works closely with the ERA & STAR Analytics team and other teams in the Center of Excellence to identify areas of interest for member facing interventions, to define the scope of technical requirements, to develop analytic solutions and statistical models for risk & outcome studies, and to collaborate with other data analysts to produce deliverables in a timely manner. This work requires a commitment to best-in- class analytics and a willingness to effectively engage in a matrixed environment to champion a data driven culture to Stars improvement and Enterprise Risk Adjustment efforts. The position will call upon a nuanced understanding of health services research and/or related public health research domains, as well as the technical application of various machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, predictive reasoning, and traditional econometric methods that are part of both big and small data solutions. Accountabilities 1\. Designs experiments, formulates hypothesis, conduct multi-variate statistical analyses and builds models to drive insights and recommendations. 2\. Develops solutions to key strategic problems (such as the accurate identification of members for gap closure) and quality improvement opportunities thorough traditional and new analytics, including data science methods that will drive improved performance on Center of Excellence initiatives. 3\. Analyzes administrative claims data - Medicare and ACA Marketplace - to answer health services research questions on costs, utilization or outcomes, using advanced statistical and econometric methods. 4\. Ensures Blue Cross is employing state-of-the-art methods to Star and Enterprise Risk Adjustment problems by staying up to date on trends in analytics and investigates new tools to implement new methodologies and techniques. 5\. Develops innovative and effective approaches to solve analytics problems. Effectively communicates results and methodologies. 6\. Independently manages multiple projects through the analytic life cycle (discovery, description, prediction, and prescription). Identifies, translates and applies best practices to assigned projects. 7\. Provides guidance to junior-level analysts on data management, data analysis techniques, communication with non-technical stakeholders, project management, and healthcare industry knowledge. Requirements Bachelor's degree with a quantitative emphasis, including business, actuarial science, quantitative social science, mathematics, statistics, or computer science required. 5 years of progressive industry experience in data analysis methods and tools. Demonstrated ability to evaluate quantitative data from multiple sources using statistical modeling, analytical methods, and critical thinking skills. Demonstrated professional experience with statistical software suites (SAS, R, ); strong understanding of database structure, relational database concepts, Big data platforms (e.g. Hadoop, Aster), and data architecture; exposure to Unix environments. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and infer valid conclusions. Strong problem-solving skills exhibited by the ability to approach complex, ambiguous business issues with creative ideas and solution Demonstrated experience in collaboration, teamwork, and cross-functional communication within a business enviroment. Effective, concise, and professional written, verbal and presentation skills, both technical and non-technial. Flexible, self-motivated, and continuously seeking ways to improve. Preferred Requirements Masters degree in health services research or statistics or related area. Knowledge of healthcare industry including familiarity with health policy, health insurance, benefit plans and product features, provider contracting approaches, reimbursement approaches and health management approaches. Knowledge of Risk Adjustment strongly preferred. BCBSMN FLSA Status Exempt Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic. Make a difference Thank you for your interest in Blue Cross. Be part of a company that lets you be you — and make a healthy difference in people’s lives every day Blue Cross is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer that values diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected characteristic. Blue Cross® and Blue Shield® of Minnesota and Blue Plus® are nonprofit independent licensees of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association
Consultant, Reporting & Data Analysis: Consultant, Reporting & Data Analysis \- (180003ZO) As a Consultant on the CWT Business Insights team, you will take a consultative approach to deliver data insights to solve business problems. You will manage all aspects of two Fortune 500 global client’s travel data and reporting programs. This role resides within the global consulting organization, partnering with account teams and the client to optimize travel costs and manage global corporate travel programs. You will increase the client’s analytics maturity level by implementing a managed reporting program, developing and enforcing management information standards, establishing data quality processes and procedures, distributing recurring reporting, providing complex ad hoc analyses, and delivering data insights. At Carlson Wagonlit Travel, we have a unique and compelling culture as a global leader in business travel management that is defined by our people and supported by our Core Values. Our employees feel a genuine respect for one another, act with uncompromising integrity and feel proud of our global market leadership. They value working together, embrace opportunities for continuous learning and have an intense desire to serve customers. Description Solve business problems by delivering complex analytical projects investigating key drivers in areas such as policy compliance, demand management, or supplier management and lead conversations to discuss findings and recommendations. Implement analytic methodologies, models, reports and processes on behalf of client. Responsible for client analytics, recurring and ad hoc reporting and recommendations; consult with and present outcomes of analyses to account teams and clients. Design and develop dashboards that helps lead client to make informed business decisions. Monitor the evolution of operational changes that will directly impact data collected and identify report developments required to maintain integrity. Enforce compliance of data quality by working closely with local operations teams to identify and correct issues. Communicate effectively across a variety of stakeholder groups, including both technical and non-technical audiences. Establish and maintain relationships with client and internal stakeholders across multiple departments and functions. Identify and champion innovation opportunities and areas to change or improve current practices, policies, or services. Key owner in compilation, analysis, and presentation of recurring business reviews between account team and client. Qualifications Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in Business/Management, Finance, Information Science, Mathematics/Statistics, Economics, or related field Travel industry experience highly preferred Experience in data modeling, data analysis, data consolidation, and data management Advanced technical skills with experience utilizing report generation and visualization technologies (like IBM Cognos, Tableau, etc.) Experience conducting complex analysis on large sets of data, including the understanding of data flow and integration of various data feeds to make decisions Previous experience in a client facing or consultative role Ability to establish rapport and effectively influence at all levels within an organization Ability to communicate effectively and present complex data to a wide variety of audiences Highly organized, with ability to manage projects and prioritize multiple tasks Demonstrated leadership and initiative: leading self, teams, and the client Sound judgment, advanced problem solving and decision making capabilities Drive to deliver timely resolution to issues through diagnostics, testing, action plans, recommendations, and implementation Experience working in a highly matrixed and global environment with a variety of key stakeholders LI-NK Primary Location : US-MN-Minnetonka Work from home : No Employment type : Standard Job Family : Consulting Scope : Global Travel : Yes, 5 % of the Time Shift : Day Job Organization : Customer_GPS & ERM Experience Level : 3 to 5 years Job Posting : Aug 10, 2018 As an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action employer, the organization will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other federal, state or local protected class
 Sr. Data Scientist: General Mills is reshaping the future of food. We believe food makes us better. It nourishes our bodies, brings us joy and connects us to each other. As one of the world’s leading food companies, General Mills operates in more than 100 countries and markets more than 100 consumer brands, including Cheerios, Nature Valley, Betty Crocker, Yoplait, Annie’s Homegrown, Old El Paso, Epic Provisions, Blue Buffalo and more. Are you passionate about the future of food? You’ve come to the right table. We want the very best talent to help lead something big. Do you find that you see patterns or opportunities that others don’t see? Do you enjoying asking questions and analyzing data to deepen your knowledge? Do you like to challenge historical assumptions and recommend new ways to drive action based on data driven insights? Do you like to find the best way to tackle a problem and share the approach with others? General Mills is seeking a Sr. Data Scientist to join an established and growing data science team in the Global Business Solutions shared services organization. Our team is the Data Science center-of-excellence for General Mills, tasked with serving functional data science and analytics teams through the whole Fortune 500 organization. Some of our projects include demand forecasting, text classification, operational analytics, and pricing optimization. We are looking for candidates who enjoy solving new, difficult problems, working with diverse internal business partners, and who can deliver continual improvement in both themselves and those they work with. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Solve business problems Develop novel ways to help business partners meet objectives utilizing cutting edge techniques and tools Advocate and educate on the value of data driven decision making focusing on the “how and why” of solving problems Lead analytic approach within cross-functional projects Create exemplary analytic data products Utilize machine learning on the General Mills Hadoop Data Lake to create repeatable, dynamic & scalable models Engineer features by using your business acumen to find new ways to combine disparate data sources Share your passion for Data Science Curate and connect external data sets for broad enterprise-wide analytic usage Identify and develop long-term data science processes, frameworks, tools, and standards Collaborate, coach, and learn with a growing team of experienced Data Scientists MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s Degree required, MS or PhD preferred Bachelor’s in Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics and 5+ years experience required OR Graduate degree in quantitative discipline and demonstrated Data Science skill set, plus 2+ years work experience Leadership and business qualifications Exceptional communication & collaboration skills to understand business partner needs & deliver solutions Exemplary organizational skills with attention to detail & accuracy Bias for action, with ability to deliver outstanding results through task prioritization & time management Demonstrated ability to efficiently learn and solve new business domains and problems Ability to coach, mentor, and collaborate with business partners, analysts, and team members Experience with ecommerce, web analytics, search engine optimization, or supply chain transportation desired Technical qualifications Must have Python or R proficiency working with DataFrames Must have proficiency writing complex SQL queries Must have proficiency leveraging Machine Learning to solve problems e.g. Clustering, Classification, Neural Networks, Regression, Anomaly Detection, Ensemble Models Must have proven ability to merge and transform disparate internal + external data sets in multiple formats Experience with Git repositories, version control, and/or code reviews strongly preferred Experience with Big Data technologies desired — Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, Impala, Spark, H20.ai Experience with data visualization tools desired — Tableau, Spotfire, R Shiny, Plotly Experience with deploying and monitoring models desired _Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with General Mills (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status)._ CB2 DCGM
Sr. Data Scientist: At Ingersoll Rand we're passionate about inspiring progress around the world. We advance the quality of life by creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments. Our people and our family of brands-includingClub Car®, Ingersoll Rand®,Thermo King®, Trane®, American Standard® Heating & Air Conditioning and ARO® - work together to enhance the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings; transport and protect food and perishables; and increase industrial productivity and efficiency. We are a global business committed to a world of sustainable progress and enduring results. For more information, visitwww.ingersollrand.com. Ingersoll Rand is a diverse and inclusive environment. We are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to hiring a diverse workforce; including individuals with disabilities and United States qualified protected veterans. Job Description: Trane is looking for a data scientist to join a world-class team applying innovative analytic approaches to extremely complex problems in the areas of industrial internet (IoT), equipment performance management and customer's building systems. This position is focused on developing models improving customer and internal facing products to deliver increased directly actionable insights that impact our customer's business. The incumbent is responsible for model management, integrating with existing systems, as well as identifying and implementing improvements to these processes. Duties and Responsibilities: Work with a cross-functional team to generate new and unique service offerings. Work with cross-functional team to apply data science techniques to identify building issues/optimization opportunities that improve customer business metrics. Lead the development and implementation of state of the art statistical forecasting models and anomaly detection algorithms to enable predictive service offerings. Responsible for developing and validating the accuracy of the models/algorithms across a wide variety of applications. Stay up-to-date in the field of data science. Identify and apply new technologies as necessary in development of products. Qualifications: Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques and experience visualizing model outputs for engineers, customers and stakeholders. Demonstrated ability to translate business needs into relevant data science activities that drive business value. Familiarity with data science tools and the ability to adapt to new data science technologies, as necessary. Strong written & oral English communication skills to interface effectively with team members, customers and stakeholders. Ability to travel occasionally (< 10%). The ideal candidate will also have the following: 5 plus years' experience applying data driven modeling to solve business problems. Working knowledge in the following technologies: Python, SQL, R, Alteryx, Microsoft Azure, IBM Watson, Tableau, etc. Advanced knowledge of database systems including relational, column store and data marts. Ability to mentor and direct other data scientists and engineers. Understanding of and experience with engineering / time series data. Experience in statistical inference, unsupervised machine learning, and supervised machine learning. Understanding of large-scale data mining and machine learning techniques for clustering, classification, regression, and anomaly detection. Ability to manipulate and visualize both structured and non-structured datasets. Education: BS, MS or PhD in computer science or statistics related discipline with machine data experience preferred We are committed to helping you reach your professional, personal and financial goals. We offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employee, which, in turn, spurs innovation, generates creative solutions and enhances our customer relations. If you share our passion for inspiring progress-for bringing about bold shifts in how people, economies and societies operate-then you belong with Ingersoll Rand. Progress begins with you.
Research Scientist, Early Childhood: Child Trends is seeking a Research Scientist in Early Childhood Development. We strongly prefer to hire someone to work in one of our three offices (Bethesda, MD; Minneapolis, MN; or Chapel Hill, NC). This position will be responsible for planning and executing major social science research or technical assistance projects in consultation with other colleagues and/or other organizations; designing the research approach; working with a team to conduct data analysis; drawing policy inferences; writing and presenting research and policy reports; and supervising staff. Must develop and write proposals. May function as principal investigator/project director for research or technical assistance projects. We are prioritizing candidates with expertise in topics related to working with states on early care and education issues; Child Care and Development Fund and reauthorization of the Child Care and Development Block Grant; early childhood systems and systems evaluation; child care subsidy policies; or use of administrative data. _Candidates wishing to be considered for the position are strongly encouraged to submit their application by July 20, 2018. If the position is not filled in the first round of applications, additional applications will be considered until July 31 or until the position is filled._ Typical Duties and Responsibilities: Develops or participates in developing research topics, proposals, budgets, and research design. Designs and implements evaluations. Selects appropriate statistical techniques or qualitative methods to analyze collected data. Supervises and/or participates in data collection, tabulation, and analysis by research analysts and research assistants; participates in interpreting quantitative or qualitative data from policy and program perspectives. Makes site visits, conducts interviews with public officials and supervises field research as necessary. May provide research-based technical assistance to early childhood leaders. Oversees policy analysis, research synthesis, and convening of experts. May serve as project director/principal investigator for one or more projects. May serve as supervisor for more junior research staff. Writes final reports and presents results to clients. Prepares papers for presentations, publications, and testimony. Disseminates/responds to public information requests from reporters, Congress, and researchers. Attends all-staff and project managers meetings. Reviews resumes and interviews candidates for employment. Experience and Education: Research experience in early childhood programs. Experience in early childhood policy. Experience working with state early childhood leaders preferred. Experience with multivariate quantitative analyses, qualitative analyses, and mixed methods approaches. Ph.D. or equivalent is required. Master’s degree or other relevant degree may be considered with substantial relevant experience. A combination of the quantitative, analytical, and writing skills, relevant substantive knowledge, and social policy research experience needed to perform the required duties of this position. How to Apply: Please follow the “apply” link to submit your application. When asked by the system to upload resume, please upload one document that includes your resume, cover letter, transcripts, a writing sample and contact information for three professional references. Materials must be combined into one document in order to be uploaded. If you have any difficulties with this process please email the requested materials to recruitment@childtrends.org and make sure to reference the position in the subject line. No phone calls please! _Child Trends_ _, founded in 1979, is a nonprofit, nonpartisan research organization dedicated to improving the lives of children by conducting research and providing science-based information to improve the decisions, programs, and policies that affect children. With annual revenue of $19 million and 144 employees, our clients include federal, state and local government agencies, foundations, and service providers. Our headquarters is located in Bethesda, Maryland, with offices in Minneapolis and Chapel Hill, North Carolina. In 2016, we were recognized as a_ _Great Place to Work_ _and were 2nd in the list of_ _100 Best Workplaces for Women_ _._ _Child Trends is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer_ _. Protected veterans and individuals with disability encouraged to apply._
 Staff Assistant: NOTE: This is a TERM appointment (not-to-exceed 4 years). Term appointments are non-status, nonpermanent appointments of limited duration. Term employees are eligible to earn leave and generally have the same benefits as permanent employees including health and life insurance, within-grade increases and Federal Employees Retirement System and Thrift Savings Plan coverage. Term appointments may be extended without further competition. This position involves a multi-grade career ladder. The major duties listed below represent the full performance level of GS-09. At the GS-07 grade level, you will perform assignments of a more limited scope and with less independence. You will progressively acquire the background necessary to perform at the full performance level of GS-09. Promotion is at the discretion of the supervisor and is contingent upon satisfactory performance, availability of higher level work, and availability of funds. This position is located in the Center for Chronic Disease Outcomes Research (CCDOR) at the VA Medical Center in Minneapolis, MN. Creates and manages a system where all grant documentation is organized and available for quick retrieval. Manages the ART reporting database and identify new methods/procedures for capturing Center data to ensure accuracy and completeness of information for the Annual Report. Oversees grant budget design and development and Just In Time budgets to ensure all budgets are in compliance with the specific rules and regulations of the funding agency. Prepares and submits required funding documents and makes budget revisions and justifications. Holds a Federal Government purchase card and provides guidance on purchasing. Acts as a Contract Officer Technical Representative managing contracting for small procurements that require varying approaches. Provides leadership and direction on the grant submission process and leads a training meeting or series of meetings for investigators and staff. Analyzes current grant preparation processes and identify areas for improvement and take necessary initiative to implement improvements to ensure the maximum number of grants are successfully submitted and funded each cycle. Performs other duties assigned. Work Schedule: Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Recruitment & Relocation Incentives: Not authorized Financial Disclosure Report: Not Required TO QUALIFY FOR THIS POSITION YOU MUST MEET THE FOLLOWING CRITERIA: SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE GS-07 : At least one (1) year of specialized experience directly related to this position. To be creditable, this experience and education must have been equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS05) in the Federal Service that is directly related to the position. Specialized experience is experience working in a Health Services research setting or within a Research and development program performing collateral duties of a limited range in administrative duties related to Health Research such as interpreting and applying guidelines for grant application submissions; assisting in providing technical guidance for research investigators, assisting in submitting complex grant proposals, assessing health services research data and using research databases; communicating effectively and working with a broad spectrum of staff (Research Scientists, Research Managers, the Senior Program Manager, patients, and staff), both in person and in writing; working within prescribed timelines and monitoring research schedules for reports; and performing database development, management, and analysis of data entry related to research projects. OR SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION FOR EXPERIENCE: GS-07 : One (1) full year of graduate education from an accredited institution (18 semester hours is usually equivalent to one full year of study) leading to a master's degree in a subject area directly related to the duties of this position.(TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED) OR COMBINATION OF EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION GS-07 : Possess equivalent combinations of graduate education and specialized experience (as described above) to meet the requirements at the GS-7. (TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED) OR SUPERIOR ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT AT THE GS:07 (SAA) at the baccalaureate level in the coursework detailed above is fully qualifying. Applicants who wish to apply under this provision must submit proof from their educational institution that they meet one of the criteria listed below. To qualify for SAA, applicants must have completed all the requirements for a bachelor's degree in a curriculum that is qualifying for the position to be filled and meet one of the following: 1\. Rank in the upper one-third of your class in the college, university or major subdivision. 2\. A grade-point average of "B" (a GPA of 2.95 or higher out of a possible 4.0) for all completed undergraduate courses, or those completed in the last two years of undergraduate study. 3\. A grade point average of "B+" (a GPA of 3.45 or higher out of a possible 4.0) for all courses in your major field of study, or those courses in your major completed in the last two years of undergraduate study. 4\. Membership in a national honor society (other than freshman honor societies) recognized by the Association of College Honor Societies. For a list of recognized honor societies please visit http://www.achsnatl.org/quick_link.asp. For more information regarding SAA please visit http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/SEC-II/s2-e5.aspe4f. OR SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE GS-09: One full year of experience that equipped you with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position that is in or related to the position. Specialized experience is experience working in a Health Services research setting or within a Research and development program independently providing a wide range of administrative duties related to Health Research such as interpreting and applying guidelines for grant application submissions; providing technical guidance for research investigators, submitting complex grant proposals, assessing health services research data and using research databases; communicating effectively and working with a broad spectrum of staff (Research Scientists, Research Managers, the Senior Program Manager, patients, and staff), both in person and in writing; working within prescribed timelines and monitoring research schedules for reports; and performing database development, management, and analysis of data entry related to research projects. OR SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION FOR EXPERIENCE GS-09 : Possess 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a master's degree or a master's or equivalent graduate degree or LL.B. or J.D., if related to the position which demonstrates the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of this position. This education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university. (TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED) OR COMBINATION OF EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION GS-09 : Possess equivalent combinations of graduate education and specialized experience (as described above) to meet the requirements at the GS-9. (TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED) You will be rated on the following Competencies as part of the assessment questionnaire for this position: Communication Database Management Systems Financial Management Organizational Stewardship Research IMPORTANT: A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. All experience listed on your resume must include the month and year start/end dates. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. For more information on these qualification standards, please visit the United States Office of Personnel Management's website at http://www.opm.gov/qualifications. None IMPORTANT: Please ensure your resume include up-to-date contact information (phone number(s), email address(s), etc.) To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes: Resume The following documents are accepted, and may be required if applicable to your eligibility and/or qualifications for this position. Please use this checklist to ensure you have included all documents required for your application, such as a copy of your transcript (if using education to qualify), SF-50's (current/former Federal employees), documentation to support Veterans Preference or ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). Cover Letter DD-214 OF-306 Other Other Veterans Document Resume SF-15 SF-50 Transcript Veterans' Preference: When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible Veterans should claim preference for 5pt (TP), 10pt (CP/CPS/XP), or for Sole Survivor Preference (SSP) in the questionnaire. You must provide a legible copy of your DD214(s) which shows dates and character of service (honorable, general, etc.). If you are currently serving on active duty and expect to be released or discharged within 120 days you must submit documentation related to your active duty service which reflects the dates of service, character of service (honorable, general, etc.), and dates of impending separation. Additionally, disabled veterans and others eligible for 10-point preference (such as widows or mothers of eligible Veterans) must also submit an SF-15 "Application for 10 Point Veteran Preference" with required proof as stated on the form. Documentation is required to award preference. For more information on Veterans' Preference, please visit http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.
 Scientist III: Company Overview At Pentair, we believe the health of our world depends on reliable access to clean water. We deliver the most comprehensive range of smart, sustainable water solutions to homes, business and industry around the world. Our industry leading and proven portfolio of solutions enables people, business and industry to access clean, safe water, reduce water consumption, and recover and reuse it. We help ensure water is clean when returned to the environment. Whether it’s for fitness and fun, healthier homes, better flood control, safer sky rises, more sustainable ways to farm, or safe drinking water for those who need it most, we won’t stop until the world’s water is managed the best way possible. From approximately 130 locations in 34 countries, Pentair’s 10,000 employees are united in our unwavering belief that the future of water depends on us. Our 2017 revenue was $2.8 billion, and we trade under the ticker symbol PNR. Job Summary Pentair currently has an opening for a Scientist III to join our team at our White Bear Lake, MN location. In this role, the Scientist will help develop new technologies and applies existing technologies to new applications. The Scientist III will also ssist and instruct Scientists and Technicians. We will: Create career growth and rotational opportunities within various areas of the organization Pay competitively Provide on the job training and mentoring in Pentair’s proven best practices Offer health benefits & coaching Support your long term retirement goals through a competitive 401K matching and stock purchase plan Offer employee discounts Protect you with life insurance and other options Tell you more about all the great benefits – just ask! You will: Perform filtration and separation related performance tests on products and prototypes utilizing test stands and analytical instrumentation according to applicable Work Instructions (WIs) or experimental plans. Help to develop experimental plans and design test set-ups based upon research needs. Lead Research and Development projects and reports to leadership Follow sample handling procedures and performs sample analyses using laboratory instrumentation. Build and test prototypes. Build test stands and develop new WI as required to accomplish required experimental plans. Accurately and neatly record all test data in laboratory record books and maintain well commented electronic data files. Perform data analysis and keep records of calculations and data analysis in permanent record files. Develop mathematical models for understanding and predicting physical and chemical processes. Follow all laboratory Chemical Hygiene Plan safety provisions facility safety policies. Consult Safety Data Sheets (SDS) before working with hazardous chemicals and knows location of and how to use safety equipment. Prepare complete and accurate test reports based on data generated by testing and data analysis. Use test data to complete product and process validation reports. Maintain neat and orderly work areas. Maintain laboratory instruments and test equipment. Develop new WIs and notifies Supervisor when existing WIs should be changed or updated. Assist and instruct Scientists and Technicians as required. Contact and arrange for outside testing services when necessary. Collect and organize data for upgrading lab instrumentation and analytical methods. Test new analytical methods and methods’ adaptations when required. Issue purchase order requests for required lab supplies or parts for test stand construction and maintain inventory of chemicals and lab supplies. Work with vendors to ensure lowest cost of purchased supplies. Develop design documentation for new products, such as FMEA, Design Input/Design Output, and Product Validation Plans. Conduct Design Validations and Process Validations. Job Requirements & Skills You should: Have earned at least a Bachelor's degree (B.A., B.S.) in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or Materials Science, Master’s or Ph.D. preferred Have 10+ years of experience in R &D; Have experience with Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project, Outlook, JDE, Visio or similar Possess fact-based problem solving and plan development Be innovative Be capable and safe with hand and power tools Be a critical thinker Use sound judgment Clearly express yourself orally and in writing Work efficiently Meet deadlines Actively listen to others Work with minimal supervision We like, but don’t require: Industrial/Academic experience in Membrane (RO, NF, UF, MF) synthesis, Polymer/Materials development for Filtration applications preferred EEO Statement We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Process Data Scientist ∞ (Woodbury, MN): 3M is seeking a Process Data Scientist for the Corporate Research Process Laboratory in Woodbury, MN with specialization in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and/or Algorithm Engineering. At 3M, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter. Here, you go. Job Summary : At 3M, Science Applied to Life isn’t just a slogan – it’s what our data scientists do every day. Our data scientists analyze data, create algorithms, and develop real-world solutions for many businesses and markets to help improve lives of people with respiratory issues, enable autonomous transportation, keep workers and soldiers safe, and advance health information systems. Our broad market presence and global reach enables your work to have significant impact. 3M is headquartered in the beautiful Twin Cities of Minnesota, known nationwide for their outdoor recreation opportunities, thriving arts, professional sports, and high quality of life. The person hired for the position of Process Data Scientist will work in the Measurement and Process Analytics group in 3M Corporate Research Process Laboratory. The main responsibility will be developing and applying techniques in the areas of machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence, and/or computer vision for sensors, inspection systems, lab and manufacturing processes and products that create new opportunities for 3M and will develop digital manufacturing solutions, capitalizing on 3M’s unique materials and processes, advanced technologies, and global reach. The Measurement and Process Analytics group is responsible for designing, developing and integrating novel inspection and measurement technologies for 3M manufacturing and process/product development. This position requires working with multi-disciplinary teams and the ability to analyze a diverse range of data sets. The candidate will have a high degree of initiative to develop and execute a project plan and must have the ability to identify and propose new project opportunities and set directions for creating a technology platform based on data analytics. The Data Scientist position will contribute to the development of new measurement and inspection capabilities in support of the complete range of 3M products and processes. The candidate must have superior inter-personnel skills, be able to inspire and motivate team members, and influence the invention of new technologies that impact 3M businesses. This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: Leverage expertise to develop and lead new technologies for data analytics in manufacturing systems, providing new growth opportunities in addition to supporting existing 3M products and businesses Collaborate with research teams in corporate research and in business labs as well as global teams to build capabilities and applications to solve emerging challenges Create highly custom algorithms seeking to capitalize on value in various datasets; images, time series and multivariate inputs Develop and implement valuable data analytics algorithms such as predictive modeling, statistics, machine learning, signal processing, computer vision techniques in software to support 3M businesses Collaborate with a team of physicists, engineers, chemists on both theoretical and practical projects that will use his/her scientific, mathematical and computational skills to drive new-to-the-world technology development and introduction Provide strong understanding of internal business segment (stakeholders); present results in a clear and concise manner to multidisciplinary teams and management, making recommendations for change and extending capability by implementing potential advancements Create examples, prototypes and demonstrations, document intellectual property, file patent applications, publish, and present at appropriate conferences Basic Qualifications: Possess a Master’s degree in a science or engineering discipline (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution Minimum five (5) years of experience in process and/or manufacturing systems data analytics (e.g. predictive modeling, machine learning, data mining, image processing, computer vision) in a private, public, government or military environment Minimum three (3) years of experience in computer programming Preferred Qualifications: Possess a Ph.D. degree or post-doctoral fellowship in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, Software Engineering, Applied Physics, Mechanical Engineering or related discipline from an accredited institution Minimum of five (5) years of experience in deep learning, machine learning, data science, computer vision, and/or artificial intelligence through thesis work, internships, or industry or national lab employment Fluent in one or more programming languages (e.g. Python, MATLAB, C, C++, Java, and/or R) Experienced with Azure and AWS cloud services and data analytics tools Strong scientific and technical acumen, with demonstrated interest and ability to make connections between science/technology and real-world concerns Ability to deal with the ambiguity of early-stage scouting and evaluation of new opportunities and the flexibility to change direction as additional information becomes available Demonstrated scientific excellence as evidenced by publications and presentations Self-motivated and self-directed Strong problem-solving skills Excellent communication skills (oral, written, and presentation) Location: Woodbury, MN Travel: May include up to 10% domestic/international Relocation: Is authorized Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).
Data and Statistical Analyst: Qualifications All required qualifications must be documented on application materials. Required Qualifications Masters Degree in biostatistics or related field and 2 years of related experience OR BS/BA in biostatistics or related field and 4 years of related experience. Coursework in statistics, data analysis, research methods. Minimum of 3 years experience in data analysis, including demonstrated proficiency with analytical software. Experience with the following programs: SAS, Strata, or SPSS. Knowledgeable of statistical methods. Experience cleaning and analyzing large datasets, as well as correlated, longitudinal, cohort, spatial, and clinical trials data. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to manage multiple demands and multiple projects. Comfortable working independently, with experience working with multiple teams. Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with R software, ArcGIS, and MPlus. Experience and a demonstrated understanding of clinical and translational science research. Familiarity with public health and health disparity research methodology. About the Job Job Duties 60% Work with the Department of Family Medicine and Commuinty Healthy (DFMCH) faculty to implement research projects from conception through publication. Projects range from small pilot studies to large NIH multi-year grants. Consult and participate with other researchers from within and outside of the work unit, department, and university on multiple projects. Consult on study design for multiple departmental research/QI projects. Carry out sample size and power calculations, and propose and justify analytical methods and data collection procedures. Perform data analysis for projects and interpret results. 20% Collaborate with the department research facilitators and give input on survey instruments, statistical analysis plans, and formal data reports. 20% Collaborate on reports, conference papers and publications with the faculty in the department. About the Department The Department of Family Medicine and Community Health at the University of Minnesota was created more than 45 years ago in response to a legislative mandate to train primary care physicians. Since then, we have been leaders in transforming the specialty through education, research, and patient care. We are the academic sponsor of eight family medicine residencies—five in the Twin Cities, three in Greater Minnesota. We are involved in medical student education activities across the Medical School's two campuses: Twin Cities and Duluth. We sponsor four fellowship programs—sports medicine, hospice and palliative medicine, behavioral medicine, and human sexuality— and offer continuing medical education opportunities. We are regularly among the top National Institutes of Health-funded family medicine departments. Our faculty are actively researching health disparities, healthcare delivery, and population health. More at familymedicine.umn.edu . How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu . Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.
 Researcher 1: Qualifications All required qualifications must be documented on application materials. Required: BA/BS in the biological sciences or a combination of related education and work experience to equal four years Candidates must be comfortable working with mice and be willing to learn new techniques Flexibility and enthusiasm for learning Position will require both independent work and the ability to work within and support a team of graduate students and post-doctoral fellows Must be detail oriented and have good communication skills Preferred: Previous hands-on laboratory experience, particularly involving infectious agents and mouse handling Classroom or other experience in immunology and/or molecular biology About the Job Job description: The successful candidate will be joining a team of scientists continuing a newly established research direction examining the impact of infectious history on the immune system (Nature 532:512). This is a unique opportunity to participate in cutting-edge research projects and learn a broad range of current immunological techniques in mouse models. Close training and mentoring will be provided, with the expectation that over time self-sufficiency will grow and scientific data will be generated independently for publication and co-authorship. This position requires working within a BSL-3 level facility which mandates both security and health clearances. Responsibilities Mouse colony maintenance and organization (50%) Experimental procedures such as: blood and tissue collection, infection of mice, in vitro cell culture (25%) Assist other staff in their ongoing experimental studies (10%) Manage laboratory equipment operation and maintenance (5%) Communicate with veterinary staff and BSL-3 management as needed (5%) Other duties as assigned (5%) The University of Minnesota offers a comprehensive benefits package including: Competitive wages, paid holidays, vacation and sick leave Low cost medical, dental, and pharmacy plans Health care and dependent daycare flexible spending accounts Excellent retirement plans with employer match Disability and employer paid life insurance Wellbeing program with reduced insurance premiums Tuition reimbursement opportunities covering 75%-100% of eligible tuition Student loan forgiveness opportunity Opportunities for growth and promotion Employee Assistance Program For more information regarding benefits: https://humanresources.umn.edu/sites/humanresources.umn.edu/files/2018_tcd- cslr-75100-ben-0105-7.pdf How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.
 Data Engineer: Qualifications Required Skills: BA/BS degree required. Two years of work experience in the areas of application/web/systems development with a related BA/BS degree, or four years of work experience in the areas of application/web/systems development with a non-related BA/BS degree. This role requires technical experience and proficiency with: Experience developing software for high performance and/or distributed computing Experience with databases (relational or NoSQL) Large dataset manipulation Linux/UNIX operating systems, including command-line This role also requires excellent ability to plan work and manage complex tasks/projects. The successful candidate will demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills for both technical and non-technical academic audiences. Additional Skills: Candidates with some of the following skills and/or experience are preferred: Familiarity with agile development methods Modern data science techniques and approaches Developing user-friendly command-line tools Machine learning Apache Spark or the Hadoop ecosystem Helpful language experience: Python, Scala, C/C++ Prior work experience in a research and/or higher education setting About the Job We are currently seeking a software developer to join our data linking team that is working on large scale data manipulation and creating highly performant distributed software systems. In this role, you will be developing software that links records representing the same individual and their family relationships across every US Census from 1850 - 1940. There are no consistent identifiers across historical censuses, so sophisticated matching algorithms will be required. You will be building on research and IT effort from the past decade to create a dataset that, once released, will enable critical new avenues of research for demographers and historians. This work will also lead to additional data linking opportunities for datasets from around the world and throughout history. You will be working in close collaboration with expert historians, demographers, and data scientists. We use Apache Spark (PySpark and SparkSQL) for a majority of our data processing, with C++ in critical areas. This is an excellent opportunity to grow your career with a cutting ­edge software shop at the University of Minnesota and contribute to work that has impact around the globe. This position will have an annual starting salary of $78,000+, commensurate with experience. About the Department IPUMS ( https://www.ipums.org/ ) is a leader in the field of quantitative social science research and the largest disseminator of census and demographic data to the world’s academic research community. Or, to put it another way - we’re on a mission to gather, process, link and publish billions of records spanning hundreds of years and more than 100 countries to demographers, historians, economists, environmental scientists, journalists, policymakers, and others around the globe, who then use the data to do amazing research and make the world a better place. The IPUMS IT group supports this mission by using leading open source tools to solve complex data and computation challenges and build reliable, scalable web-based data dissemination systems. Your work will be highly visible and will contribute directly to the overall success of our organization. Read more about IPUMS IT at http://tech.popdata.org/ . IPUMS is part of the Institute for Social Research and Data Innovation (http://isrdi.umn.edu) and closely connected to work at the Minnesota Population Center. IPUMS and its affiliated units support the work-life balance of our staff with 40 hour work weeks, flexible work hours, and generous vacation and sick leave benefits. The University also offers excellent health insurance, tuition assistance, and retirement benefits. IPUMS IT has a robust professional development fund for staff training and development. Diversity and inclusion is a core value of our organization. We aspire to create an IT team that represents the diversity of our city, our region, and our world, and to create a space that encourages and embraces inclusiveness, equal opportunity, and respect. We strongly encourage women and members of under-represented groups to apply. How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Questions concerning the application process may be addressed to Mia Riza, HR Generalist, at mpc- jobs@umn.edu. Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.
 Data Scientist in Food Animal Biology and Production Systems: Qualifications Essential Qualifications: Ph.D. in data sciences, bioinformatics, animal/biological science or related field. Outstanding capacity to work on the analytics of global (including the U.S.) animal production systems, productivity, and inter-relations to agronomic and crop processing systems in a cross-disciplinary manner to link animal science data and modeling to economics and social outcomes. Excellent skills in computational biology (with an emphasis on genomics, microbiome, nutrition, health, and productivity methods) and biophysical modeling. Ability to efficiently manage large datasets. Compelling written and oral communication skills. Excellent programming skills, and especially demonstrated experience using R or Python . A proven ability to carry out research in a transdisciplinary environment. Desired Qualifications: Excellent record of publications and prospects for continued professional productivity (encompassing both professional articles and policy outreach material, including web based output) Demonstrated potential for preparing successful grant proposals. Knowledge of and experience working with industry, NGO’s, and government partners. About the Job Researcher 6, Data Scientist in Food Animal Biology and Production Systems . Located in the G.E.M.S/IAA, a CFANS Interdisciplinary Initiative, St. Paul Campus, University of Minnesota. This is a 12-month, 100% time, annually renewable appointment. The position has research funding by way of MnDrive (Minnesota’s Discovery, Research, and InnoVation Economy). This person will hold an adjunct position in the Department of Animal Science, subject to departmental approval, and will work closely with the Integrated Animal Systems Biology (IASB) Team. DESCRIPTION Optimizing resources in food animal production requires the integration of fundamental, complex biological processes involving numerous nutrition and health interventions with economics and business models to create new knowledge for more effective decision-making. The person in this position is expected to be a core member of the IAA/G.E.M.S team working closely with the IASB. They will also play an essential role in continuing to develop collaborations with faculty in the International Science and Technology Policy and Practice Center (InSTePP), Center for Animal Health and Food Safety (CAHFS), and various current and prospective external partners. Expertise in managing large data sets, machine learning, mathematical modeling, and informatics is essential. This is a 100% research position. The successful candidate will be expected to: Work in a team environment to assist in the development of core integrated animal systems biology. 40% Interface with the Department of Animal Science faculty members to determine their data collection, transfer, interoperability, analysis, and sharing needs, propose data analysis models, establish data libraries (metabolites, nucleic acid data on genes and microbes, data on animal physiological responses to diets and diseases), and assist IASB and other Animal Science faculty to integrate data across disciplines in multiple research projects. Assist in development and implementation of analytical platforms for analyzing large-scale data on animal genomics and microbiome, production system productivity interactions involving nutrition, housing systems, environmental impacts, health status, economics, and other biotic and abiotic influences on animal systems. Contribute to ongoing development and maintenance of G.E.M.S.™/IAA ontologies and controlled vocabularies to ensure interoperability of animal systems biophysical data with the other databases in G.E.M.S™/IAA. Strengthen collaboration and networking among members of the IASB team, college and university-wide ag and life sciences informatics, IAA, and external academic, government, and industrial sources of agricultural data and information. 30% Facilitate networking and information exchange among these teams/domains to identify potential research projects and research collaborations. Aid in the analysis and integration of large-scale data sets produced by various sources, and conduct data mining to identify potential patterns that can serve as researchable questions for research proposals. Contribute to joint grant writing efforts among these teams/domains. Coordinate and contribute to writing interdisciplinary publications including journal articles, book chapters, presentations, and online content. 15% Design and assist in the development of apps with easy to use interfaces that aggregate data from micro to macro scales for decision-making involving animal systems. 15% SALARY AND BENEFITS Salary is competitive and commensurate with the professional experience and qualifications. Fringe benefits include employee health, dental, and faculty life/disability insurance, social security, faculty retirement and opportunities for professional development. About the Department PROGRAM/UNIT DESCRIPTION The G.E.M.S / International AgroInformatics Alliance (IAA) is seeking to hire an animal science informatics expert to join a highly diverse international and interdisciplinary team of professionals. This position is available August 1, 2017. G.E.M.S / IAA aims to reimagine the relationships between data, institutions, and disciplines to inform and enable innovative agro-economic decisions at different temporal and spatial scales. The overarching goal of G.E.M.S / IAA is to accelerate sustainable productivity growth in local and global agriculture through the development, deployment and stewardship of innovations in food and agricultural systems. G.E.M.S / IAA is a joint CFANS-MSI catalyzed agroinformatics initiative that makes g enomics, e nvironmental, m anagement, and s ocioeconomic data interoperable at varying spatial and temporal scales to generate actionable information that accelerates and sustains growth in local and global food and agricultural systems. The Alliance (IAA) involves partnerships with strategic entities across UMN and public and private partners around the world. The IASB team is a leader in food animal production systems biology, and has extensive partnerships with the feed and food animal industries, as well as national and international research collaborations with universities. The mission of IASB is to provide solutions to complex issues in animal productivity, efficiency, environmental sustainability, and well-being. The IASB team uses novel approaches in the animal science field to collect biological information from different layers in the whole animal and animal populations to discover the biological mechanisms that affect animal growth and health responses in commercial animal production systems . How To Apply Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter and resume. Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Activities" page and uploading documents there. Applicants must submit a resume/CV, cover letter and the names and contact information for three professional references. Incomplete applications will not be considered. References will only be contacted for finalists. The search committee will begin reviewing applications on August 2, 2018. The position will reamin open until filled. To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). Diversity The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. Background Check Information Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. About the U of M The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations.
 Research Scientist: Responsibilities JOB DUTIES: Summary: This position builds and develops research systems and technical tools and provides data management leadership to support the customer and project staff in implementing all aspects of psychometric services for assigned educational assessment projects. Specific Job Duties: Lead psychometric system development activities related to developing assigned educational assessment projects, for example forensic analysis systems, automated scoring, building data products and item analysis. Collaborate with the assigned Project Manager to determine the design, analysis and evaluation of the systems, processes, and services required to meet or exceed contract requirements; for example, test calibration, test equating, item analysis, and dimensionality and reliability analysis. Provide technical support to clients and internal staff. Write proposal sections related to research systems for psychometric activities. Assist in setting and achieving departmental goals. Collaborate with test development in ensuring the quality, coverage and validity of all assessment instruments, and compliance with accepted standards established in the fields of testing and educational measurement. Initiate additional research studies to strengthen assigned assessment projects. Write technical reports. Participate and contribute to the design of internal research and test development processes/systems as well as with department's business strategic plan. Some travel required to client locations. Qualifications REQUIREMENTS: Degree:PHD. in Educational Psychology, Psychology, Educational Measurement, Statistics, or related field Experience: Three (3) years of experience working in educational and large- scale assessment industry. One (1) year of experience in project management and supervisory role within large-scale assessment programs (may be gained concurrently). Proficiency in the following: Excellent understanding in forensic analysis of high stakes student assessments. Data analysis and visualization of large datasets. Good understanding of testing methodologies. Proven ability to work in Linux and Windows based operating systems. Statistical analysis software, such as R, SPSS. Programming languages in Python, Java and VBA. Experience with psychometric analysis software, e.g. WINSTEPS, Parscale. Microsoft Office suite. Excellent written and oral communication skills including proposal writing and costing. Ability to work effectively as part of a team. Strong project planning and organizational skills. HOW TO APPLY: Apply online at http://www.datarecognitioncorp.com/Pages/job- opportunities.aspx Data Recognition is an Equal Opportunity/AA Company M/F/D/V
 Data Scientist: Data Scientist Qualification: Bachelors in science , engineering or equivalent Responsibility: Project Planning and Setup: Understand the project scope, identify activities/ tasks, task level estimates, schedule, dependencies, risks and provide inputs to Module Lead for review. Provide inputs to testing strategy, configuration, deployment, hardware/software requirement etc. Review plan and provide feedback on gaps, timeline and execution feasibility etc as required in the project. Participate in KT sessions conducted by customer/ other business teams and provide feedback on requirements. Requirement Understanding and Analysis: Analyze functional/non functional requirements and seek clarifications for better understanding of requirements. Based on understanding of system upstream & downstream, provide feedback and inputs on gaps in requirements and technical feasibility of requirements. Design: Prepare the LLD/ detailed design documents based on HLD and briefing from Module Lead. Seek inputs from the developers on specific modules as applicable. Consolidate all modules and provide to Module Lead/ Architects/ Designers for review. Suggest changes in design on technical grounds. Develop components inventory for the code to be developed tying it to the nonfunctional requirements. Perform sampling of data to understand the character/ quality of the data (project dependent in the absence of data analyst or designer). Identify tools and technologies to be used in the project as well as reusable objects that could be customized for the project. Coding: Follow coding standards and best practices to develop code and check code quality. Share developed code with supervisor for review. Rework on the code based on inputs if required. Perform complex integration. Guide the developers in identifying, preparing and conducting unit test cases and fixing defects based on results. Consolidate the test results and share with supervisor. Provide periodic status update to supervisor and highlight / recommend any changes in design based on challenges faced. Anticipate unreported defects and raise the same to supervisor. Conduct technical troubleshooting. Conduct reviews for codes created by team. Testing Management: Develop unit test case for each module. Conduct/ guide conducting of unit and integration testing and fix defects. Review/ approve code to be moved to testing environment. Provide support to the QA team and coordinate for various phases of testing. Address queries raised by QA within defined timelines. Investigate critical defects and establish need for fixing. Raise issues to leads/QA. Report defect status as per project standard process within agreed timelines. Share revised code with supervisor for review. Assist team lead and project manager on estimates around defect fixes. Configuration Management: Maintain versions of the code or consolidate version maintained by the Developers. Provide support as required to the Administrators during configuration, code backups, deployment etc. Deployment: Assess and create deployment/ roll back plan. Validate if all the components have been migrated and the right version is checked in. Maintain deployment tracker. Perform sanity checks post deployment to ensure smooth production. Share activity status with supervisor and highlight concerns if any. Project Execution Monitoring & closure (Support to Project Management activities): Monitor work of the developers and share work achieved with them. Provide guidance through SDLC. Provide status of progress to leads. In case of change requests, provide inputs on the plan. Service Support and Maintenance: Specific to production and maintenance support: Provide support for 1 week and hand over to production team. Identify if the incoming request is a service request/ defect during the warranty or an incident. If it is code defect in the warranty, highlight to Lead and initiate defect fix process. Post warranty, support in transition to maintenance team. Knowledge Management: Post release participate in project review call and discuss points on what went well and what didn't. Create and update knowledge articles (case studies, lessons learnt) in the knowledge management repository. Guide developers in creating such documents. Publish white papers/ blogs/ articles (if required). People Management: Conduct training through academy or internally within the team. Conduct technical, face to face interviews for internal transfer or external hiring. Provide feedback on Developers form technical /domain standpoint to the module lead. Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Natural Language PL1 Required 2 Python PL1 Required 3 Core Java PL1 Required Domain Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Payments NA Desired Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. Job Location : Phoenix, Arizona, United States Employee Status : Full Time Employee Shift : Day Job Travel : No Job Posting : Jul 30 2018 Cognizant US Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran. If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions in the US, please send an email with your request to CareersNA2@cognizant.com About Cognizant Cognizant is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant, a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 195 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: USJobsCognizant. Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
Logistics Data / Publication Specialist: Mesa,Arizona,United States GNH1N2 The Boeing Company is seeking a Logistics Data / Publication Specialist (Entry Level) in Mesa, AZ. The successful candidate will function as an IETM author for the Apache Longbow (AH-64) Program. POSITION RESPONSIBLITIES: Experience may include mechanical, electrical, avionics and ordnance. Analyzes and evaluates engineering source data, vendor data, and customer data in order to design, organize, and develop technical data required to operate and maintain AH-64 weapon systems. Analyzes and evaluates impact of engineering changes on technical data. The position requires the development and implementation of maintenance tasks, Fault Isolation Procedures (FIPs) and Maintenance Operational Check (MOCs). Requires the ability to read, interpret & analyze engineering data, tool lists, Logistic Support Analysis (LSA) data and supporting databases. The position requires an extensive working knowledge of the Apache helicopter systems operation and Army maintenance concept. Assists with quality reviews and validations, conducts in-process reviews, and supports verification. Must be a self-starter with strong interpersonal skills and have the ability to clearly communicate complex technical information to personnel while interfacing effectively with team partners, Integrated Product Team (IPT) members, Customers and cross-functional disciplines. Travels for work 10% of the time. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): Must be able to read and interpret blueprints, schematics, wiring diagrams, technical manuals and the use of military specifications. Experience working with industry and military specifications and standards requirements and processes Must be self motivated and strive to continually develop skills and work with minimal direction. Must be able to work in office environment and learn multiple computer applications and processes; such as internet navigation, email, Microsoft Office and/or other specialized computer applications Must be able to work in team environment and communicate clearly with both internal and external customers. Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): Minimum Technical Bachelor's degree along with work related experience IETM and/ or Technical manual usage, familiar with the Interactive Electronic Technical Manuals (IETM) used on the AH-6D and AH-64E is preferred. Engineering experience to include integration of technical impacts and plans across multiple functions or Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) Experience in Apache systems Typical Education/ Experience: Technical bachelor's degree and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. This position is located in Mesa, AZ and does not offer relocation assistance. Applicants must reside in area or be willing to relocate at their own expense. Yes, 10 % of the Time Engineering Mods & Maintenance Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company
 Data Scientist: Innovate to solve the world's most important challenges Honeywell Aerospace products, services and digital environments collect millions of events per day and as a data driven company believe our data has great stories to tell us. As such, we are investing heavily in our data science capabilities and establishing a Data Science & Analytics team, chartered to build our predictive analytics capabilities for condition monitoring, predictive aircraft maintenance, optimize product performance & build recommendation systems for end customers. The system will ingest machine data from various aircraft systems, maintenance and other operations data including unstructured data, use machine learning and advanced analytics techniques to identify and predict failure patterns and provide recommendations to end customers to avoid unplanned maintenance. Work on all stages of data science projects from understanding data to implementing the solutions into products and service offerings Lead projects both as a principal investigator and project manager, responsible for meeting project requirements on schedule and on budget Drive the interaction with Honeywell internal business partners to define, design, and develop solutions to customer problems using data insights derived from quick prototyping of multiple ideas 25 Aircraft System Failure Studies 25 Machine Learning 25 Python/R Programming 25 Predictive Analytics You Must Have Master’s degree in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, software engineering, physics, or related discipline in marketing and analytics 1+ years of data science work experience, including a demonstrated high-level of proficiency in applying data techniques to solving customer problems 1+ years of experience in machine learning, predictive analytics, and statistical modeling 1+ years of experience in programming and scripting languages 1+ years of experience in data visualization (e.g. Tableau, Qlik, Ploty) We Value Experience working with large datasets using Hadoop framework and tools Ability to communicate and present complex quantitative analyses in clear and precise manner to leadership team PhD in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, software engineering, physics, or related discipline in marketing and analytics Experience with moving prototypes to production environment and optimizing models in production environment Experience in condition monitoring and predictive failures Aerospace knowledge or experience Exempt How Honeywell is Connecting the World INCLUDES Some Travel Required Continued Professional Development Relocation Provided ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: HRD27054 Category: Engineering Location: 1944 E Sky Harbor Circle, Phoenix, AZ 85034 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.
Data Scientist: Emailage is growing at an outstanding rate and we have an immediate opportunity for a skilled and enthusiastic Data Scientist to join our team. Emailage is a global hub of intelligence associated with email addresses, which empowers companies to determine whether a transaction is fraudulent or legitimate. This vast network is combined with machine learning algorithms to generate a Risk Score, based on rules that are easily tailored to existing risk engines. Emailage Risk Assessment empowers companies to effectively fight fraud, increase revenue and transaction approvals, while preventing unnecessary customer friction. Primary Responsibilities: Implement large scale machine learning models to run on the cloud Design and develop data structures to extract features in real-time Incorporate large and wide third-party datasets in creating knowledge Analyze large volumes of user behavior and identify key factors that affect this behavior Collaborate with other data scientists to develop advanced modeling capabilities Experience and Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or in related advanced quantitative field is required Post graduate degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or Operations Research is preferred Strong analytical skills, intellectual curiosity, and an innovative approach to solving business problems Self-motivated and ability to work autonomously on multiple projects simultaneously Strong academic backgrounds in machine learning, statistics, or data mining In-depth expertise on supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms 2 years+ experience munging data using R, Python and SQL 2 years+ of hands-on model building experience working with machine learning frameworks such as H2O, Tensorflow, MLLib, scikit-learn or similar tools 2 years+ of experience in working on and delivering research oriented data driven problems Ability to work in a dynamic, fast changing environment, with a strong attention to detail, communicate effectively and work well in a cross-functional environment Company Benefits and Perks: It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer great perks to help keep our team healthy, productive and happy: Above market salary Full health, dental and vision coverage Life insurance, short-term, and long-term disability paid for by the company 401(k) plan offered with employer match High-end hardware to work with Learning and career growth prospects Paid Holiday and Time Off Referral bonus program Opportunities for profit sharing, bonuses and ownership Ability to working with bleeding edge technology right here in AZ Fast paced Startup Culture
Biological Scientist: Duties Summary Current permanent APHIS employees and CTAP eligibles may also apply to Merit Promotion announcement 6PQ-APHIS-MA-2018-0569. As an Interdisciplinary Scientist, you serve as an expert that supports programs that regulate agricultural pests; risks of the introduction of exotic pests; pest movement; and damage potential to ensure safe trade, protect natural resources and U.S. agriculture. If selected, you will serve within a laboratory or work unit within Plant Protection and Quarantine (PPQ), Science and Technology (S&T). Salary Information: First time hires to the Federal government normally start at the lowest rate of the salary range for the grade selected. Responsibilities The duties described are for the full-performance level. At developmental grade levels, assignments will be of more limited scope, performed with less independence and limited complexity. The duties may include, but are not limited to: Provides qualitative and quantitative analyses for management of invasive species, diseases and other plants. Obtains, validates, and analyzes data related to pest identification and diagnostics. Develops methods of detection and inspection of pest and diseases. Develops, adapts, and/or evaluate tools, methods, and technologies to mitigate effects of populations of introduced plant pests. Designs, evaluates, and optimizes strategies for detecting incipient populations of exotic pests of plants. Develops, adapts, and/or evaluates methods and equipment for phytosanitary treatment of commodities, packaging materials, and meas of conveyance. Serve as an authorized representative on cooperative and interagency agreements. Manages projects, resources and budgets. Travel Required Occasional travel - Travel for training and work assignments may be required. Supervisory status No Promotion Potential 13 Who May Apply This job is open to… US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required. Questions? This job is open to 1 group.
Senior Data Scientist: Driving Infinite Possibilities Within A Diversified, Global Organization Honeywell Aerospace products, services and digital environments collect millions of events per day and as a data driven company believe our data has great stories to tell us. As such, we are investing heavily in our data science capabilities and establishing a Data Science & Analytics team, chartered to build our predictive analytics capabilities for condition monitoring, predictive aircraft maintenance, optimize product performance & build recommendation systems for end customers. The system will ingest machine data from various aircraft systems, maintenance and other operations data including unstructured data, use machine learning and advanced analytics techniques to identify and predict failure patterns and provide recommendations to end customers to avoid unplanned maintenance. Work on all stages of data science projects from understanding data to implementing the solutions into products and service offerings Lead projects both as a principal investigator and project manager, responsible for meeting project requirements on schedule and on budget Drive the interaction with Honeywell internal business partners to define, design, and develop solutions to customer problems using data insights derived from quick prototyping of multiple ideas 20 Understand Bus Requirements, Define Analytics Solution 20 Data Exploration 20 Develop Advanced Analytics Models 20 Data Visualization 20 Mentor, Provide Technical Direction to Data Scientists You Must Have Master’s degree in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, software engineering, physics, or related discipline in marketing and analytics 3+ years of data science work experience, including a demonstrated high-level of proficiency in applying data techniques to solving customer problems 3+ years of experience in machine learning, predictive analytics, and statistical modeling 3+ years of experience in programming and scripting languages 2+ years of experience in data visualization (e.g. Tableau, Qlik, Ploty) We Value Experience working with large datasets using Hadoop framework and tools Ability to communicate and present complex quantitative analyses in clear and precise manner to leadership team PhD in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, software engineering, physics, or related discipline in marketing and analytics Experience with moving prototypes to production environment and optimizing models in production environment Experience in condition monitoring and predictive failures Aerospace knowledge or experience Due to US export control laws, must be a US citizen, permanent resident or have protected status. Exempt Celebrating 100 Years In Aviation INCLUDES Some Travel Required Continued Professional Development Relocation Provided ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Job ID: req153710 Category: Engineering Location: 1944 E Sky Harbor Circle, Phoenix, AZ 85034 USA Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.
 Data Scientist, Internal Analytics: Silicon Valley Bank is the market leader in providing financial solutions to the world’s most innovative technology and life science companies and investors. SVB has been an incredible growth story over the last 30+ years and continues to grow and expand internationally. In order to fuel our growth, we are placing an even greater emphasis on being a data-driven organization by expanding our Internal & Predictive Analytics team. Come join a growing, global commercial bank at the heart of the innovation economy. The Internal & Predictive Analytics group at SVB is responsible for providing actionable analytical solutions and products to help SVB sales executives and leaders achieve their initiatives and goals. Typical examples of initiatives include acquiring clients, retaining clients, deepening client relationships and helping our clients to succeed. We are looking for a Data Scientist who will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions. Your primary focus will be in applying AI/ML or statistical techniques to create analytical data products. We would like to further enhance our pricing application with these kinds of tools. The ideal candidate would have a strong understanding of finance and be able to leverage company financial statement analysis in their analytical products. Responsibilities include: Develop cutting edge solutions to help business partners meet their objectives Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Ability to create end to end analytical solutions Experience deploying analytical solutions into production environments Performing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Work closely with our data infrastructure team and other domain SMEs by giving requirements for new data acquisitions and able to run data pipeline pilots that can be transitioned to the infrastructure team Craft compelling, data-driven stories that educate, excite, and empower our partners with actionable insights Look for opportunities to enhance our current analytical capabilities and develop new analytics products LI-86777003_VL1 Qualifications Demonstrated proficiency with tools such as Python, R, SAS and SQL Strong analytical and problem solving skills Experience deploying analytical solutions to production environments Demonstrated ability to self-manage and multitask in a dynamic, ever-changing environment Effective time management and organizational skills Flexibility to work/manage variety of projects Leveraging communication skills to collaborate effectively with analysts across SVB Background in data management in Banking/Finance industry is preferred Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau is a plus Bachelor/Masters in Computer Science, Finance, Accounting, Economics, Statistics or operational research 3+ years of experience in analytics
 Research and Data Analyst: _Arizona State Board of Education_ Developing successful citizens through robust public education _The 11 Member State Board of Education, created in Article 11 of the Arizona Constitution, is responsible for exercising general supervision and control of Arizona public schools, and adopting any rules and policies necessary to accomplish this purpose_ _._ ARIZONA MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (AMS): All Arizona state employees operate within the Arizona Management System (AMS), an intentional, results-driven approach for doing the work of state government whereby every employee reflects on performance, reduces waste, and commits to continuous improvement with sustainable progress. Through AMS, every state employee seeks to understand customer needs, identify problems, improve processes, and measure results. State employees are highly engaged, collaborative and embrace a culture of public service. Research and Data Analyst 1700 West Washington Street Phoenix, AZ 85007 https://azsbe.az.gov JOB SUMMARY: The State Board of Education is seeking a Research and Data Analyst. This position will be supervised by and report directly to the Board’s Executive Director. This individual will develop, research, gather, analyze and report data for assigned projects and reports including, but not limited to proposed initiatives and policies in the areas of education research, accountability and assessment. . Findings from these analyses shall be presented to the Board’s Executive Director and the Board members, as directed. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to: participating in the activities and discussions of various Board advisory committees and task forces; serving as the Board’s representative in relevant stakeholder meetings; and working cooperatively with Arizona Department of Education staff as directed. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Knowledge Required: Knowledge of data and statistical analysis Knowledge of sound research practices General understanding of the Arizona public education system Skills Required: Skilled in presenting highly effective written, visual and oral presentations on complex data to a wide variety of audiences Skill in Microsoft Office and Google Suite products, including Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets Knowledge and capable ability in one or more of the following: SPSS, SAS, or R Skilled in working on multiple complex projects simultaneously Skilled in working in high pressure environments Skilled in detailed oriented reports Skilled in analyzing and developing complex policy in a variety of areas Skilled in interpreting and applying federal and state codes and regulations Abilities Required: Ability to perform and analyze complex calculations associated with technical properties of educational assessments and accountability measures Ability to develop and articulate potential policy recommendations in the areas of school accountability, assessment and research Ability to work collaboratively with stakeholder groups and other state agencies Ability to perform detailed work with a high degree of accuracy SELECTIVE PREFERENCE: Master degree or doctorate in Education, Educational Administration, Educational Leadership, Research and Development. Classroom and/or administrative / leadership experience in K-12 education. State wide research and development experience with working knowledge of SPSS, SAS, or R. Preferred, but not required: Tableau: Visio; SQL. PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS: Requires possession of and ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver's license appropriate to the assignment. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver's license record checks, must maintain acceptable driving records and must complete any required driver training (see Arizona Administrative Code R2-10-207.12.) BENEFITS: The Arizona Department of Administration offers a comprehensive benefits package to include: Sick leave Vacation with 10 paid holidays per year Health and dental insurance Retirement plan Life insurance and long-term disability insurance Optional employee benefits include short-term disability insurance, deferred compensation plans, and supplemental life insurance RETIREMENT: Positions in this classification participate in the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS). Please note, enrollment eligibility will become effective after 27 weeks of employment. CONTACT INFORMATION: If you have any questions, please feel free to contact ADOA Recruitment at [email protected] or at (602) 542-5482 for assistance. _Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting_ _Colleen Ryan at_ _[email protected]_ _._ ___Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange_ _the accommodation. Arizona State Government is an AA/EOE/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer._
Data Scientist: We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our digital and analytics team to bring the best solutions to our clients. The location for the position is flexible, although ideal locations are Atlanta, Chicago, Phoenix or New York. The ideal candidate is capable of uncovering insights out of hidden information, using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization, and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must be adept to communicate effectively across different levels of an organization with the ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. This person will be working across all Arcadis business lines (departments). The individual will be responsible for the following job functions: Manage scope, schedule and deliverables of complex digital projects and programs Lead complex, multi-disciplinary internal and external projects. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks, communicating to project stakeholders and strategic external partners. Perform and manage tasks related to regular business data analysis, process analysis and reporting on financial/operational metrics Conduct comparative analysis, and provide analytical support to clients and key stakeholders Support the client with benchmarking, root cause and predictive analysis of data Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Provide ad-hoc query support through custom report generation and analysis Design data management and governance processes Command a strong understanding of data models, metadata and reporting standards associated with the project Analyze, understand, and document the flow of information between applications, databases, and third party (client/vendor) systems for data and reporting. Maintain documentation on metadata and data flows, so reporting processes can be controlled and replicated Aggregate and manipulate large data sets from multiple sources through basic consolidation, statistical analysis and trending Perform data validation QA/QC throughout the data transformation, analyses, and distillation process to prevent error/control drift Prepare presentations in the client’s format and to their specifications Present the data to the client at a high-level (key metrics) while understanding the influence of the underlying variables Work on cross departmental projects and possess good communication skills Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Proactively solve problems, suggest process improvements, identify risks, and recommend actions to mitigate risks, work as a team player, deal with conflict, handle ambiguity and learn on the job Focus on providing the highest level of client satisfaction through delivery of quality services Be a forerunner of new technology features that can support the team and stakeholders to be more efficient. Assist with digital transformation, empowering colleagues and clients do more and be better with the right use of data and technology. Required Qualifications Minimum years of work experience: 0-2 Education required: Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, statistics, math, or related field. Great communication skills Proficiency in at least one business intelligence tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Qlik, Spotfire Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL) to manipulate data. Working knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, neural networks, etc.), and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical learning). Experience querying databases Experience with SAS, ETL, data processing, database programming, and data analytics Required Driving Statement This position requires a current valid driver’s license and clean driving record. Preferred Qualifications Prior internship experience in data analytics.
Data Scientist Senior Job: Purpose of Job We are currently seeking talented Data Scientist Senior for our Phoenix, AZ facility. Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; Builds analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees. Job Requirements Partners with business leaders across the organization to define business problems and research questions; Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on cross functional, matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization. Builds large and complex information sets; Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives. Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. Works with IT to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features. Builds and maintains a robust library of reusable algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data, are transparently conducted, are able to be productionized and are reproducible. Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions. Maintains academic and industry relationships for the purposes of research; Maintains expertise and awareness of cutting edge techniques, technologies and potential business solutions. Minimum Requirements Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field (6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree) 6 or more Years in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis) Solid experience in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C or more or more) and one dynamic scripting language (Python, PERL, Ruby) Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level. When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses. Preferred Experience wrangling with messy data at scale using libraries like Pandas or technologies like Scala / PySpark to structure and clean datasets. 3+ years industry (excluding research) experience in data science & model development Conduct business in compliance with regulatory guidance. Adhere to applicable compliance/operational/model risk controls and other second line of defense and regulatory standards, policies and procedures. Strong proficiency in and experience writing production-level code in SPSS, R and/or Python. Strong desire to gain extensive knowledge of experience delivery (Auto Experience, IT Availability, Personalization), model architecture, and fields of data science (NLP, ML) and their applications. The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers. Relocation assistance is not available for this position.
Data Scientist: Phoenix, Arizona ID 1011888 OVERVIEW: Our Client is Global leader in IT services, digital and business solutions that partners with its client to simplify, strengthen and transform their businesses. Our Client has been recognized by Brand Finance as one of the Big 4 Global IT Services Brands, is looking for a Data Scientist for project in Phoenix, Arizona , below is the detail requirement. Responsibilities: You should have strong experience in Data Science. You should have good understanding in PySPARK, AWS Sage maker, GCP experience with Financial Domain. Experience on Cloud and Hadoop are desired. Qualification: Bachelor Degree or Equivalent, with minimum of 2 to 4 years as a Software QA Test Analyst. Demonstrate excellent communication skills including the ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers. Ability to use strong industry knowledge to relate to customer needs and dissolve customer concerns and high level of focus and attention to detail. Strong work ethic with good time management with ability to work with diverse teams and lead meetings. Manoj Kumar Lorven Technologies, Inc. 101 MorganLane | Suite 209 | Plainsboro | NJ 08536 Tel:609-799-4202 X 223 | Fax:609-799-4204 Email ID: manoj@lorventech.com Web: www.lorventech.com
Sr. Data Scientist: A Great Place to Work Last year, we transformed the P2P payments industry with Zelle. 247-million transactions and $75-billion later, consumers love us as much as our amazing team of talented people. Come join the most INNOVATIVE FinTech company in Arizona. Overall Purpose This position serves as a senior data science team member in the company developing techniques to identify entities at risk in a moment in time in a multifaceted, high-volume, high-throughput data environment. This position requires extensive background and knowledge in machine learning. Previous experience in analyzing large datasets and developing data-driven statistical models is required. Essential Functions Identifies, experiments with, and develops appropriate machine learning techniques to extract the value in data from various sources to solve valuable business problems Assists with the development of complex consumer profiles which are used for model training and real-time scoring Take the key role in the development and implementation of product-prototype models Assesses overall performance, stability, and effectiveness of analytically derived models. Documents and presents model process and model performance Collaborates with software engineers to define statistical components for unit testing and acceptance testing Remains fluent with emerging technologies and methodologies, shares knowledge, and serves as subject expert and a mentor to junior data scientist Translates high level business objectives into quantifiable analysis tasks. Identifies and recommends new modeling and analytics opportunities. Support the company's commitment to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science or related field. 7 years working experience in predictive modeling, optimization, and machine learning (or equivalent education and experience). Advanced experience in data mining with a range of advanced technical tools (Python, R, Hadoop, Hive, SQL, Java, Spark, etc.) for timely manipulation of large data sets. Experience with various machine learning methods including classification/tree, SVM and ensemble approaches Experience in utilizing a wide variety of statistical modeling techniques. Experience with understanding business requirement and translating into an analytics design Effective communication skills Proven ability to coordinate or lead data scientists on projects Background and drug screen The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow instructions and perform other related duties as assigned by their supervisor. Physical Requirements Working conditions consist of a normal office environment. Work is primarily sedentary and requires extensive use of a computer and involves sitting for periods of approximately four hours. Work may require occasional standing, walking, kneeling, and reaching. Must be able to lift 10 pounds occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently. Requires visual acuity and dexterity to view, prepare, and manipulate documents and office equipment including personal computers. Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers. Employee must be able to perform essential functions and physical requirements of position with or without reasonable accommodation. _Early Warning is an equal opportunity employer that takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and covered veterans._
Assistant Scientist: General Responsibilities: Conduct environmental site investigations, assessments and surveys to sample, measure and analyze air, water, material, and soil. Identify, evaluate and recommend risk and remediation strategies/designs to ensure compliance with federal, state and local regulations. Prepare applicable permit applications, risk assessments and technical documents including proposals, reports and regulatory agency correspondence. Design systems and environmental protection plans. Projects may include Phase I/II environmental site assessments, ecological and natural resource field surveys, tank closure assessments, asbestos abatement, storm water management, and site planning and permitting. Essential Roles and Responsibilities: Follow safety rules, guidelines and standards for all projects. Participate in pre-task planning. Report any safety issues or concerns to management. Be responsible for maintaining quality standards on all projects. Entry level scientific professional responsible for gathering data and information to be evaluated by other team members. Performs testing and sampling of environmental materials including soil, air, groundwater, building materials, and noise. Tabulate and prepare data for written reports. May assist with report preparation by summarizing data and information within reports. Operates field monitoring equipment. Assists with operation and maintenance of remediation systems. May assist with asbestos surveys, abatement projects and Phase I site assessments. Transport material samples or documents to the lab for further testing and analysis. Maintains and calibrates field monitoring equipment. Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Science or related science field. Or, in lieu of a degree, a minimum of 4 years’ related experience. Valid driver’s license with acceptable violation history. Preferred Certification: Certification in field of expertise preferred.
NLP Data Scientist: Trident Consulting is seeking Data Scientist for one of our clients - "A global leader in business and technology services Title: NLP Data Scientist Location : Phoenix,AZ Type: Contract/Full time Job Description: Responsibilities: Work on a variety of NLP and Machine Learning projects Perform hands-on Machine Learning tasks and statistical analyses with tools like SciKit-Learn, NumPy, and NLTK Apply Deep Learning frameworks to a wide range of problems Own projects from their inception to production release (and beyond) Write efficient, clean, and maintainable Python code Help find, create, and evaluate multilingual corpora and integrate them into our workflow Work with your team members and members of other teams to implement scalable and maintainable cloud-based solutions Requirements: Machine Learning, Python Experience working on various NLP projects Strong team player and capable of working on a variety of projects Strong problem solving skills About Client Our Client is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., a member of the NASDAQ-100, is ranked 205 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world.
Senior Data Scientist: The Senior Data Scientist will be a key member of the Analytics and Data Science department serving as a subject matter expert to various functional business partners. You will partner with our Hosting brands to support critical initiatives focused on improving various customer and financial metrics. You will not only dive deep to find data-driven insights but craft meaningful and articulate recommendations that can be discussed and acted upon with your peers. This role reports into the VP, Analytics, and Data Science and will interface with senior leaders from the organization on a regular basis. Responsibilities: Analyze customer data aimed at improving customer retention and to drive customer engagement strategies Work with the business to develop data-based inquiries, and conduct data exploration and data mining to determine drivers of retention and customer value. Design and evaluate test and learn campaigns aimed at improving customer retention, engagement and success while optimizing business KPIs Partner closely with business stakeholders to ensure insights are leading to action and measuring the business impact Requirements: BS in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science or related field. MS or Ph.D. degree preferred 5+ years of experience in applied analytics or data science roles Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong experience with SQL in various database environments (including Big Data/ Distributed systems) Experience with Tableau, Power BI or other BI tools. Experience developing data visualizations to enable data exploration, illustrate an insight or tell a story. Experience with Python and/or R (preferably Spark) Strong Excel skills Practical knowledge applying analytical techniques such as survival and failure analysis, regression, decision trees, segmentation, clustering, and other techniques to describe patterns and make predictions with real-world data. Understanding of sampling and testing methodology including A/B splits and multivariate testing. Curious, self-motivated thinker; always asks why and drives until the answer is clear. Strong communicator with demonstrated experiencing translating analytic findings to business insights and influencing business stakeholders to drive action and improved business performance. Strong cross-functional collaboration skills Comfortable interacting with senior leadership. Preferred qualifications: Versed in SaaS / subscription-based businesses Specific experience with customer churn modeling and financial forecasting Strong writing, and presentation skills.
DATA ANALYST STOPS: CAMRIS International is an international development and research firm that realizes innovative solutions to health and development challenges through high-quality, cost-effective program and research management services. With experience working in more than 80 countries, we combine our proven systems with today’s most effective, evidence-based best practices to improve the lives of people around the world. We apply a customized, customer-centric, cost-effective business approach to offer greater value to our clients and challenge the way things have always been done in our field. CAMRIS clients include U.S. government agencies and multilateral and private organizations. Our core practice areas include public health, agriculture and food security, economic development, education, environment, humanitarian assistance, democracy and governance, and medical research. CAMRIS is seeking exceptional candidates to provide scientific, technical, and other professional support services to assist the National Institutes of Health (NIH- which is comprised of the Office of the Director and 27 Institutes and Centers) in meeting its operational objectives. Note: The positions are contigent on contract award. Responsibilities Collects and analyzes data for a variety of studies. Organizes data to provide functional reporting. Creates and maintains a variety of reports. Manages storage and backup systems. Participates in the developmental design of databases for tracking and statistical purposes that incorporate multiple data fields required by scientists. Coordinates statistical data analysis for numerous ongoing studies by collecting, organizing, and tracking information. Manages projects and quickly responds to inquiries about status. Qualifications 1-5+ years experience in a related field. Knowledge of research protocols, organizing data, and performing analyses. Experience interacting with patient populations and strong interpersonal skills. Excellent organizational and time management skills. Strong oral and written communication skills. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in a related field. Four (4) years of specialized experience plus an Associate’s degree is equivalent to a Bachelor’s degree.
 ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENTIST - AIR: ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY We are looking for results-oriented, driven individuals with a thirst for problem solving. connect with us: azdeq.gov LinkedIn Environmental Associate Scientist Improvement Planning Section AIR QUALITY DIVISION JOB SUMMARY At ADEQ our vision is to be the number one state in the nation in balanced, leading-edge environmental protection; through technical and operational excellence; and radical simplicity for customers and staff. We are currently looking for employees who are committed to our Agency, passionate to excel in their career and engaged in our mission. Only this caliber of employee will be successful in driving our Agency towards accomplishing our vision. As an Environmental Science Specialist , you will research, design, plan, or perform engineering duties in the support of revisions to Arizona’s State Implementation Plan under the Federal Clean Air Act. Work may include: 1) Conduct photochemical modeling (CAMx preferred), and run associated models, including WRF, MOVES, and SMOKE; 2) Calculate emission inventories from natural and anthropogenic sources, using EPA-approvable methodologies; 3) Conduct statistical analyses, literature reviews, and research to better understand the nature and cause of air quality problems in the State; 4) Develop associated documents for the tasks above, including modeling protocols and technical support documents, emission inventory preparation plans and technical support documents, and reports and presentations of research. Do you think you have the combination of commitment, passion, and talent to help drive this Agency to realizing our vision? If so, apply today. To learn more about us, our organizational habits known as the ADEQ Way, our culture, and other positions we have open, visit us at DEQ/careers IDEAL CANDIDATE Ideal candidate will possess: Bachelor’s degree in environmental management, environmental/earth sciences, sustainability, environmental studies, urban planning or law 8 years’ experience (Master’s degree can substitute for 2 years of experience, Doctorate can substitute for 4 years of experience) Driver's license required \- Possession of and ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver's license required. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver's license record checks and driver training. Knowledge of State and Federal environmental regulations, environmental sciences and research, AZ sources of pollution, best practices for preventing the release of pollutants, environmental research, investigation techniques and statistical analysis, Agency policies and processes, Ability to understand and apply environmental rules and statues; to follow guidance documents, standard operating procedures, and other technical instructions in performance of tasks; to prepare clear, concise and accurate reports; and to summarize completed tasks and/or monitoring data orally and in written communication BENEFITS Among the many benefits of a career with the State of Arizona, there are: 10 paid holidays per year Accrual of sick and annual leave beginning at 12 and 13 days per year respectively for full-time employees A top-ranked retirement program with lifetime pension benefits A robust and affordable insurance plan to include medical, dental, life, short-term and long-term disability An incentivized commuter club and public transportation subsidy program We promote the importance of work/life balance by offering workplace flexibility We offer a variety of learning and career development opportunities Click APPLY to submit your resume Arizona State Government is an AA/EEO/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. Hired employees will be subject to E-Verify. Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting Margarita Lane, [email protected] Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Having trouble applying? Email [email protected] or call 602-542-4700 for assistance
 ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENTIST 2 - PERMIT WRITER: ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY We are looking for results-oriented, driven individuals with a thirst for problem solving. connect with us: azdeq.gov LinkedIn Environmental Scientist 2 – Permit Writer Stormwater Unit WATER QUALITY DIVISION JOB SUMMARY At ADEQ our vision is to be the number one state in the nation in balanced, leading-edge environmental protection; through technical and operational excellence; and radical simplicity for customers and staff. We are currently looking for employees who are committed to our Agency, passionate to excel in their career and engaged in our mission. Only this caliber of employee will be successful in driving our Agency towards accomplishing our vision. As an Environmental Science Specialist , we will rely on you to review permit applications and develop permits for the Arizona Pollution Discharge Elimination Systems (AZPDES) permit program. As an AZPDES permit writer, you will conduct research and/or perform facility inspections for the purpose of identifying, abating, or eliminating sources of pollutants or hazards that affect human health and the environment. Using knowledge of various scientific disciplines, you may collect, synthesize, study, report, and recommend action based on the reviews of permit applications or facility inspections. Do you think you have the combination of commitment, passion, and talent to help drive this Agency to realizing our vision? If so, apply today. To learn more about us, our organizational habits known as the ADEQ Way, our culture, and other positions we have open, visit us at DEQ/careers IDEAL CANDIDATE Ideal candidate will possess: Bachelor’s degree in environmental engineering, civil engineering, hydrology, chemical engineering, geology, mechanical engineering, environmental/earth science or law. Strong writing and communication skills. 0 years’ experience for level 1 ; 2 years’ experience for level 2 , 5 years’ experience for level 3 (at level 3 Master’s degree can substitute for 2 years of experience, Doctorate can substitute for 4 years of experience). Driver's license required \- Possession of and ability to retain a current, valid state-issued driver's license required. Employees who drive on state business are subject to driver's license record checks and driver training. Knowledge of the Clean Water Act, Arizona Pollution Discharge Elimination System (AZPDES) regulations – referred as the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) regulations on a national level. Knowledge of mining operations, industrial operations, environmental engineering, compliance and enforcement strategies, sources of pollution, best practices for preventing the release of pollutants, environmental research, investigation techniques and statistical analysis, Agency policies and processes. Ability to understand and apply environmental rules and statues; to follow guidance documents, standard operating procedures, and other technical instructions in performance of tasks; to prepare clear, concise and accurate permits and reports; and to summarize completed tasks and/or monitoring data orally and in written communication. BENEFITS Among the many benefits of a career with the State of Arizona, there are: 10 paid holidays per year Accrual of sick and annual leave beginning at 12 and 13 days per year respectively for full-time employees A top-ranked retirement program with lifetime pension benefits A robust and affordable insurance plan to include medical, dental, life, short-term and long-term disability An incentivized commuter club and public transportation subsidy program We promote the importance of work/life balance by offering workplace flexibility We offer a variety of learning and career development opportunities Click APPLY to submit your resume Arizona State Government is an AA/EEO/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. Hired employees will be subject to E-Verify. Persons with a disability may request a reasonable accommodation such as a sign language interpreter or an alternative format by contacting Margarita Lane, [email protected] Requests should be made as early as possible to allow time to arrange the accommodation. Having trouble applying? Email [email protected] or call 602-542-4700 for assistance
Procurement Coordinator B (Mesa): Mesa,Arizona,United States HAAANB The BDS Supplier Management Organization is looking for Procurement Coordinators to assist our current teams in an effort to drive consistency and efficiency within the organization. The tasks the coordinators will perform include, but are not limited to, the following: Completing procurement responsibilities for low value, non-complex procurements and releases to previously negotiated strategic agreements. Support Procurement Agents in the completion of procurement transactions as determined by assigned manager. Support Delivery Management activities by completing change management requests, updating supplier delivery tools, reconciling items in grief and performing Line of Balance follow up. Assist with order management activities by reviewing consumer based ordering compliance, managing repair initiation and coordinating tooling needs at the suppliers. Enter data, extract data and perform updates of databases for procurement agents, management and other customers to ensure data integrity and timeliness. Collect, organized, edit and provide data from various computer systems and databases to procurement agents and management in order to effectively evaluate processes and performance within the procurement cycle. Schedule and organize meetings, record and distribute meeting minutes and agendas, process and file forms and documentation, and perform other administrative tasks to assist in the efficiency of procurement operations. Communicate with procurement agents and internal customers to assist in the identification and resolution of issues associated with the procurement cycle such as quotes, billing, contracts and other documentation discrepancies to ensure contractual compliance. Gather documentation (e.g., drawings, specifications, statements of work) from various data sources and assist in the distribution to suppliers in order to define contractual requirements. Initiate and execute supplier improvement activities and integrates results into contracting strategies. Assist in the closeout management process via invoice reconciliation efforts and Purchase Contract closeout activities. Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world. Typical Education / Experience: High school diploma or GED and typically 1 or more years' related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Required Qualifications: High School Diploma or GED Experience utilizing Microsoft Office Suite, including Outlook, Excel, Word and PowerPoint This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. Preferred Qualifications: Experience as a Procurement Coordinator and/or Administrator Experience working with Procurement, Supplier Management, Supply Chain, Material Management and/or Logistics processes Experience supporting Department of Defense (DOD) Supply processes Experience collecting data from multiple sources to create reports Experience coordinating and scheduling meetings Yes, 10 % of the Time BDS Supply Chain Individual Contributor No No Standard United States; The Boeing Company
 STOPS SCIENTIST 1: CAMRIS International is an international development and research firm that realizes innovative solutions to health and development challenges through high-quality, cost-effective program and research management services. With experience working in more than 80 countries, we combine our proven systems with today’s most effective, evidence-based best practices to improve the lives of people around the world. We apply a customized, customer-centric, cost-effective business approach to offer greater value to our clients and challenge the way things have always been done in our field. CAMRIS clients include U.S. government agencies and multilateral and private organizations. Our core practice areas include public health, agriculture and food security, economic development, education, environment, humanitarian assistance, democracy and governance, and medical research. This is an opportunity for employment or a contract, but we reserve the right to make no selection or award. Contingent on bid award. CAMRIS is seeking exceptional candidates to provide scientific, technical, and other professional support services to assist the National Institutes of Health (NIH- which is comprised of the Office of the Director and 27 Institutes and Centers) in meeting its operational objectives. Responsibilities Performs research experiments in the context of the laboratory’s overall research program. Provides support to other laboratory staff on research projects and techniques. Analyzes and interprets research data, communicates results and methods in reports, presentations, and manuscripts. Collaborates with industry/academia to apply the results of research. Develops new techniques, products, or practices. May present research at national scientific meetings/symposia. Qualifications 2-5+ years of experience in a science related field. Demonstrates experience working in the research laboratory environment. Computer skills to include MS Office Suite. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in a science related field. This effort is for a bid and contingent on award.
STOPS RESEARCH SCIENTIST 1: CAMRIS International is an international development and research firm that realizes innovative solutions to health and development challenges through high-quality, cost-effective program and research management services. With experience working in more than 80 countries, we combine our proven systems with today’s most effective, evidence-based best practices to improve the lives of people around the world. We apply a customized, customer-centric, cost-effective business approach to offer greater value to our clients and challenge the way things have always been done in our field. CAMRIS clients include U.S. government agencies and multilateral and private organizations. Our core practice areas include public health, agriculture and food security, economic development, education, environment, humanitarian assistance, democracy and governance, and medical research. This is an opportunity for employment or a contract, but we reserve the right to make no selection or award. Contingent on bid award. CAMRIS is seeking exceptional candidates to provide scientific, technical, and other professional support services to assist the National Institutes of Health (NIH- which is comprised of the Office of the Director and 27 Institutes and Centers) in meeting its operational objectives. Responsibilities Devises, conducts and carries out research studies in the context of the laboratory research program. Interprets results of experiments. Prepares summaries of results and drafts manuscripts for submission to peer-reviewed journals. Processes and analyzes data. Presents findings at scientific conferences and meetings. Recommends new experiments to be performed and equipment to be procured. Qualifications 3-5+ years experience in a related field. Computer skills to include MS Office Suite. Demonstrates knowledge of basic scientific principles, concepts, and theories. Minimum Education: Bachelor’s degree in a science related field. This effort is for a bid and contingent on award.
 Human Factors Scientist: Exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm. Our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, physicians, and regulatory consultants brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve complicated problems facing corporations, insurers, government entities, associations and individuals. Our approximately 1000 staff members work in 26 offices across the United States and abroad. Exponent has over 800 consultants, including more than 500 that have earned a doctorate in their chosen field of specialization. Exponent's Human Factors Practice is seeking a Scientist for our Phoenix, AZ office. This position will be responsible for conducting user research studies for major consumer electronics manufacturers and serving as project manager on a potentially large number of such engagements. Additional responsibilities will include: Supporting a range of consulting activities that involve human factors in accidents and their prevention, including limitations of human perceptual, cognitive, and response capabilities Developing client contacts Working on multi-disciplinary projects Providing case management, data processing, and other project support Conducting research to obtain and review technical data, scientific literature, and standards Participating in the design and evaluation of warnings and safety information The ideal candidate for this position has an interest in user experience research and/or usability testing in a real-world setting and also possesses a strong scientific background in the foundations of cognition, perception, and human decision-making. Candidates should furthermore be comfortable working in a professional engineering and scientific consulting environment, which demands a high degree of self-motivation, dedication, and resilience to stress. Qualifications for this position include: Ph.D. in Experimental or Cognitive Psychology Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as strong interpersonal skills Strong mathematical aptitude and proficiency with statistics Solid foundation in science of cognition, perception, and human decision making Consummate project management skills and ability to juggle multiple teams concurrently Must be assertive, a self-starter, and able to work with accuracy under pressure and/or deadlines To learn more about life at Exponent, check out our Graduate Students page at www.exponent.com/careers/grad-students! We are an Affirmative Action, Equal Employment Opportunity, Veterans and Disabled Employer.
 Fraud Decision Scientist: Emailage is on an exciting new journey of growth. Want to be a part of it? We’re always looking for top-notch talent to join our ranks. You’ll have an opportunity to make a difference each and every day, alongside a team that is experienced, talented and passionate. Emailage has an immediate opening for a Fraud Decision Scientist to join the team. This position reports directly to the Chief Product Officer and is primarily responsible for using your analytical skills to develop and maintain a suite of risk models and rules to ensure our solutions protect Emailage clients against Fraud. Must be a self-starter who can effectively handle multiple competing priorities and projects. The ideal candidate will demonstrate a breadth of knowledge and best practices, have an eagerness to learn new things and stay abreast of emerging industry trends and platforms. Primary Responsibilities: Develop and implement algorithms and strategies to predict fraud events using various data elements Proactively identify fraud detection issues and provide analytical/modeling solutions Document and communicate model results and insights to customer success team and senior management Qualifications and Experience: Master’s degree in quantitative related field (Statistics, Math, Operations Research etc) required. Strong problem solving and analytical skills Strong communication skills to convey fraud insight Ability to analyze problems and produce justification to enhance fraud decisions. SQL programming experience Working knowledge of tools like R, Python desired Working knowledge in developing predictive models like logistic regression, decision tree etc and machine learning techniques desirable Self-motivated and ability to work autonomously on multiple projects simultaneously The position requires substantial interaction with clients as well as internal teams such as sales, customer success, and IT teams Must be able to effectively provide updates and communicate results to non technical audiences. Company Benefits and Perks: It’s no secret that we work hard, but we also strive to create an office environment where the lines between work and play are blurred. This means we offer these great perks to help keep our team healthy, productive and happy: Above market salary Full health, dental and vision coverage Life insurance, short-term, and long-term disability paid for by the company 401(k) plan offered with employer match High-end hardware to work with Learning and career growth prospects Paid Holiday and Time Off Referral bonus program Opportunities for profit sharing, bonuses and ownership Ability to working with bleeding edge technology right here in AZ Fast paced Startup Culture
 RECYCLED WATER SCIENTIST: ARIZONA DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY We are looking for results-oriented, driven individuals with a thirst for problem solving. connect with us: azdeq.gov LinkedIn Environmental Scientist 2, 3, 4 RECYCLED WATER SCIENTIST WATER QUALITY DIVISION JOB SUMMARY At ADEQ our vision is to be the number one state in the nation in balanced, leading-edge environmental protection; through technical and operational excellence; and radical simplicity for customers and staff. We are currently looking for employees who are committed to our Agency, passionate to excel in their career and engaged in our mission. Only this caliber of employee will be successful in driving our Agency towards accomplishing our vision. As our Recycled Water Scientist , you will be the public face and point of contact for ADEQ for recycled water. You will oversee and develop recycle water rules alongside teams from Groundwater Protection, Safe Drinking Water and legal support. In addition to rule making, conducting outreach with our regulated community and program development, you will ensure the highest and best use of all water is achieved here in Arizona. Salary Ranges: Level 2: $45,000-$50,000 Level 3: $50,000-$55,000 Level 4: $55,000-$65,000 Do you think you have the combination of commitment, passion, and talent to help drive this Agency to realizing our vision? If so, apply today. To learn more about us, our organizational habits known as the ADEQ Way, our culture, and other positions we have open, visit us at DEQ/careers IDEAL CANDIDATE Ideal candidate will possess: Bachelor’s degree in law, enviro/civil/chemical/mechanical engineering, geology, environmental management, sustainability, environmental science 2 years’ experience for level 2 , 5 years’ experience for level 3; 8 years’ experience for level 4 (above level 2, a related Master’s degree can substitute for 2 years of exp., related Doctorate can substitute for 4 years of exp.) Knowledge of advanced drinking water treatment; application of industry best practices in disinfection, filtration; wastewater treatment plant operation; reuse programs; Safe Drinking Water Act; hydrology or basic engineering; State and Federal environmental regulations; outreach and program development; environmental sciences and research; AZ sources of pollution; best practices for preventing the release of pollutants; environmental research; investigation techniques and statistical analysis, Ability to design, implement and deliver an outreach program to build a community interest in recycled water; follow guidance documents, standard operating procedures, and other technical instructions in performance of tasks; to prepare clear, concise and accurate reports; and to summarize completed tasks and/or monitoring data orally and in written communication; excellent written verbal/written communications, problem solving, strong meeting facilitation skills BENEFITS Among the many benefits of a career with the State of Arizona, there are: 10 paid holidays per year Accrual of sick and annual leave beginning at 12 and 13 days per year respectively for full-time employees A top-ranked retirement program with lifetime pension benefits A robust and affordable insurance plan to include medical, dental, life, short-term and long-term disability An incentivized commuter club and public transportation subsidy program We promote the importance of work/life balance by offering workplace flexibility We offer a variety of learning and career development opportunities Click APPLY to submit your resume Arizona State Government is an EEO/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer. All newly hired employees will be subject to E-Verify Employment Eligibility Verification. Having trouble applying for this position? Email _[email protected]_ or call 602-542-4700 for assistance.
 Medical Lab Scientist II: Position Details Department: Lab - Core/Non Complex Category: Laboratory/Pathology Location: Phoenix Posting : 395226 Date Posted: 5/30/2018 Employee Type: PRN Position Summary The Medical Laboratory Scientist II performs and interprets standard, complex and specialized laboratory tests. The MLS II has an understanding of the underlying scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural, and problem-solving aspects. The MLS II correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathologic states, determines validity of test results and need for additional investigation. The MLS II has an understanding of quality control programs, and evaluates computer-generated data and troubleshoots problems. The MLS II is able to participate in the introduction, investigation and implementation of new procedures and in the evaluation of new instruments. The MLS II understands and enforces regulatory requirements and safety regulations. This position receives supervision of completed work activities from the supervisor. PCH Values Family-Centered care that focuses on the need of the child first and values the family as an important member of the care team Excellence in clinical care, service and communication Collaborative within our institution and with others who share our mission and goals Leadership that set the standard for pediatric health care today and innovations of the future Accountability to our patients, community and each other for providing the best in the most cost-effective way. Position Duties Prepares clear, technically sound, accurate and informative reports of standard, complex and specialized test results, analysis, and examinations to ensure timely and thorough data for patient treatment decisions. Performs full range of chemical, microbiologic, immunologic, hematologic ,and/or immunohematologic laboratory procedures, as related to specific job function within the laboratory. Participates in the evaluation and/or development of new procedures, instrumentation, and quality improvement initiatives. Proactively evaluates practices and assists to create and implement changes to increase and enhance the effectiveness of methods. Maintains professional and technical competency through constantly pursuing knowledge and self-improvement by remaining apprised of current literature, practices, and new developments in the fields covered by medical technology. Participates in standard, complex and specialized patient testing and quality control testing of samples. Plans techniques based on assessment of findings and accepted protocols. Differentiates and resolves technical, instrument, physiologic causes of problems or unexpected test results to determine presence of normal and abnormal components as related to specific job function within the laboratory. Performs regular instrument maintenance in accordance with established instructions. Identifies and troubleshoots malfunctions to ensure continuous proper and safe operations. Understands and uses troubleshooting, validation, statistical, computer, and preventive maintenance techniques to ensure proper laboratory operation. Assists peers with work assignments as appropriate. Performs miscellaneous job related duties as requested.
Senior Data Scientist: Los Gatos, California Science and Analytics The Content Experience team is seeking a data scientist to help Netflix introduce new stories to the world and to the users who will love them. You will lead research and experimentation to drive Netflix’s user experiences including connecting audiences to new Original series, films, documentaries & specials and evolving our fast-growing kids product and innovative interactive storytelling platforms. To learn more about our research and analytics work, you can visit our research page here. What you'll do Lead the design & analysis of A/B tests and other experiments in order to optimize the Netflix experience and help our users discover new content to enjoy. Past projects included the introduction of video to help users browse more effectively. Explore Netflix’s large-scale data to identify key insights on user behavior that will motivate future innovation. Past projects included research into how kids navigate and watch differently than adults, and how that changes as they age. Research and develop the best metrics to measure user engagement. Lead the research and development of new experimentation methods, statistical techniques and causal inference approaches. Present your research and insights to all levels and functions of the company, clearly and concisely. Partner closely with Product managers, designers & engineers to drive key Product decisions and solve Netflix’s most challenging and rewarding problems. Qualifications An advanced degree in a quantitative or computational field (e.g., statistics, economics, math, computer science, etc.) and 3+ years of experience in quantitative analytics, data science, or another similar role. A proven track record of leveraging massive amounts of data to drive product innovation. Exceptional coding proficiency in SQL, Hive, R, Python, etc. Strong statistical knowledge and intuition and a passion for experimentation, hypothesis testing, and causal inference (quasi-experimentation a plus!) Ability to tell stories with data, as well as visualize it with a variety of tools like Tableau, R Shiny, D3, etc. Ability to frame loose business problems, turning them into actionable insights. Self-starter Comfort in a fast-paced, constantly evolving, deadline-driven environment. Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills A fan of Netflix is a strong plus!
 Data Scientist (Deep Learning): A rising startup here in South Bay who make AR and VR Software for smartphones is looking for a Senior Data Scientist. Their technology uses computer vision and deep learning to capture hand motion with full skeletal tracking. They are looking for a Data Scientist with a strong background in Deep Learning and Computer vision. The projects you work on will involve developing and deploying deep learning models for augmented reality, gaming, and automated driving. So they need someone who is up to date with modern deep learning and computer vision technologies and concepts, who has completed three or more projects in deep learning, tracking, 3D reconstruction, optical flow or any related domains. Skills required are Python and C++, along with TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Caffe. Required Skills & Experience Masters or Ph.D in Computer Science. Strong experience with Python, TensorFlow, and PyTorch Developing and deploying Deep Learning models Strong experience with Computer Vision. Projects in object detection, motion tracking, activity recognition, 3D reconstruction, or deep reinforcement learning Strong communication skills. Project management skills Desired Skills & Experience Experience with C++ Background in robotics, AR and VR, kinematics, or physics. Enjoy challenging work What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 40% Algorithms 30% Research 30% Deployment Daily Responsibilities 80% Development 20% Team Collaboration The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $200K/year, DOE You will receive the following benefits: Health Benefits 401(k) Plan Free team lunches Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. This position does not offer sponsorship. Workbridge Associates, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 11 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.
Data Science/Machine Learning - Internship: FICO is looking for a Java-savvy college intern to help build our next world- class decision and analytics platform which will allow the fintech community benefit from FICO products and services. We need talented individuals that have a solid understanding of data science and machine learning algorithms. The ideal candidate has data analytics skills, is experienced with python programming and common data science packages (numpy, Scipy, scikit-learn etc), , and is familiar with machine learning algorithms such as nueral networks, SVM, random forest, etc. Job Description Responsibilities: Prototype, develop, test and optimize machine learning models. Map user stories to requirements into fully functional and highly performing ReSTful services. Collaborate with Business, UX, QA and front end teams to deliver superior functionalities. Integrate machine learning models in applications Optimize existing code with data science best practices. Maintain high code coverage for unit and system tests. Participates in the agile lifecycle engagements, including meetings, iterative development, estimations and design sessions. Qualifications: Degree in progress in computer science or related field. Understanding of machine learning algorithms such as neural networks, SVM, random forest, etc.. Solid understanding of python. Knowledge of ML frameworks such as scikit-learn, keras, tensorflow, and theano. Strong mathematical and statistical skills. Self-disciplined, self-motivated individual. Preferred Experience: Experience with python, keras, scikit-learn, Numpy, Scipy,. Experience with data visualization APIs and JSON (D3, Tableau, Plotly). Experience with predictive modeling. Experience with Apache Spark, Scala, Hadoop is a plus Why make a move to FICO? At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading credit scores and other solutions, FICO is the leader in predictive analytics for banking, insurance, retail and healthcare. Our ability to drive smarter decisions is driving some of the world’s leading companies to a new level of analytics- fuelled success. Our success is founded on really talented people – just like you – who enjoy: Innovation – change the game for us and for our clients around the world Teamwork – lead and learn from the very best in your field High Performance – challenge yourself and reap the rewards of delivering results Opportunity – grow with a global company that develops talent FICO™ (NYSE:FICO) delivers superior predictive analytics that drive smarter decisions. Our groundbreaking use of mathematics to predict consumer behavior has transformed entire industries and revolutionized the way risk is managed and products are marketed. FICO's innovative solutions include the FICO(R) Score - the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the United States - along with industry-leading solutions for managing credit accounts, identifying and minimizing the impact of fraud, and customizing consumer offers with pinpoint accuracy. Most of the world's top banks, as well as leading insurers, retailers, pharma businesses and government agencies rely on FICO solutions to accelerate growth, control risk, boost profits, and meet regulatory and competitive demands. FICO also helps millions of individuals manage their personal credit health through www.myFICO.com. Learn more about FICO at www.fico.com. FICO is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. FICO: Fulfill Your Potential.
Senior Data Scientist: Splunk’s Guild of Data Science has been tasked with helping Splunk build smarter software and make data-driven decisions. While our mission is broad, individual guild members are involved in a subset of the efforts described below. We offer the flexibility to align your involvement with one or more efforts that interest you. Key Responsibilities: You understand various types of data You will closely interact with the research team as well as product management to derive requirements for how the data should be processed and what we are looking for You will research, evaluate and implement statistical methods to track metrics Quick prototyping and evaluation of multiple solutions using frameworks like python/Spark Implementation of the solutions in a product environment You will derive data insights and bring them back to the product management team You will strive to find the best ways to visualize the data and the results You will interact with various teams and areas throughout the product organization to collect feedback, improve the backlog, and define best practices for machine learning related matters. You will work as a traveler to help teams design features and products that are data-driven and/or rely on machine learning and statistics, assure the quality of the outcome, and actively participate in knowledge transfer. You will derive data insights and bring them back to the product management team. You will stay current on industrial and research trends, positioning, and customer needs. You will advocate for data science and machine learning through engaging with the external data science community and/or contributing to technical blogs. You will contribute to Splunk’s privacy and compliance efforts. You will build and maintain a data repository and documentation standards. Required Experience/Skills & Education: You have expertise in statistical analysis tools such as R, Stata, Weka, Matlab - required You have experience in Spark/MLlib specifically an added plus You have the ability to code in Java or Scala, or python You have experience working with large datasets, preferably using tools like SQL, Hadoop, MapReduce, Pig, Hive. – preferred You have experience with graph mining and graph algorithms an added plus, even more so knowledge of GraphX Math, Statistics or CS background with emphasis in Machine Learning - required What We Offer You: A constant stream of new things for you to learn. We're always expanding into new areas, bringing in open source projects and contributing back, and exploring new technologies. A set of exceptionally talented and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support. A stable, collaborative and supportive work environment. We don't expect people to work 12 hour days. We want you to have a successful time outside of work too. Want to work from home sometimes? No problem. We trust our colleagues to be responsible with their time and dedication, and believe that balance helps cultivate an extraordinary environment. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status
 Data Scientist, Customer Interests & Personalization: Job Description _To truly become the worlds most customer centric company, we must understand our customers better than anyone._ Alexa HHO growth team is hiring a Data Scientist to help us grow existing and identify new programs dedicated to building more engaging experiences. We are looking for an analytical and technically skilled data scientist who can help evolve the way we look at these programs. As a Data Scientist, it will be your role to identify existing customer segments and analyze customer behavior to identify opportunities for improved personalization on the Amazon retail website. With over 200MM customers browsing, buying, and wishing for Amazon products-you will identify clusters of customer behavior and identify keystone segments (interests, life stages, hobbies, etc.) which can act as pivot points for personalization. Your job doesn't stop there-you will analyze and compare existing personalization to segmented personalization, scope opportunities, conduct experiments, confirm the viability of segments, and extract insights with real customer data. To do this, you will analyze large amounts of data, discover and solve real world problems, build metrics and business cases around key projects and, most of all, be an integral part of creating a better customer experience. The Alexa HHO growth team is looking for a talented Data Scientist to help manage our ever-growing information needs and lead the analysis of increasingly complex business questions. At Amazon you will be working in one of the world's largest and most complex data environments. The Data Scientist occupies a unique role at the intersection of technology, marketing, finance, statistics, data mining, and social science. As a Business Intelligence Engineer (BIE) with SSX, you will work with our new and dedicated team to define strategic analytical requirements and lead the design and implementation of technologies that result in simple and powerful customer experiences. This key player will be responsible for solving important business problems through deep data mining, statistical analyses, implementation of designed experiments, machine learning and creation of mathematical models. The successful candidate will be expert with advanced statistical techniques and have exemplary communication skills. The candidate will need to demonstrate a penchant for execution and completion; driving projects to a solution quickly and accurately. The candidate should have reasonable programming and design skills to manipulate unstructured and big data, build prototypes that work on massive datasets or even components that work within production systems. The candidate should be able to apply business knowledge to do broad data analysis as a precursor to modeling and to provide valuable business intelligence. Work with various stakeholders, including leaders across the Amazon’s retail business, to understand business drivers, goals and actionable outcomes of large scale customer behavior analysis. Gather data and perform sophisticated analytical exercises. Work with SSX leadership to present key findings from analyses to stakeholders. Drive business decision-making based on analytical findings. Employ data mining, clustering, machine learning, model building, segmentation, and other analytical techniques to capture important trends in the customer base. Participate in strategic and tactical planning discussions. Master the vast range of Amazon’s data resources and know how, when, and which to use. Deep dive into massive data sets to answer key business questions using Oracle SQL, Stata, R, MS Excel, and/or other data management tools. Basic Qualifications 5+ years of professional experience in data science, business analytics, business intelligence (BI) or comparable analyst position handling large, complex human data sets. BA, BS or higher degree in Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, or related data centric field. Experience in SQL, SAS/R, Excel, and similar statistical packages to access and transform data into insights. Experience with Unix/Linux environment with experience in a scripting language for managing large data sets. Preferred Qualifications Ability to quickly adapt to changing priorities and generate innovative solutions in an extremely fast-paced environment. Experience with clustering and machine learning algorithms Demonstrated ability to frame complex analytical problems, pull data, and extract insights that led to tangible results (revenue, seller launches, new product features, etc.). Strong problem solving, programming skills and computer science fundamentals Outstanding speaking, writing, and presentation skills, as well as the ability to persuade, inspire, and motivate others. Summarize key insights for technical and non-technical audiences. Experience communicating with senior management (VP level decision-makers) as well as with colleagues from computer science, machine learning and business backgrounds. MBA or Masters degree in an analytic field is desired. Can separate the data signal from noise. Passion to get the right stuff done. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation
Data Scientist: The Role Come help us learn more about the world. Below is a small sample of the questions we’ve asked of our data over the last year. Did Lyft’s prospects improve in politically progressive areas in the aftermath of Uber’s press woes? Is Amazon’s revenue growth in the fourth quarter primarily driven by customers in rural areas? How did the path of the solar eclipse affect hotel bookings across the United States? As a key addition to a growing and stellar data science team, you will be responsible for helping industry-leading companies understand how purchase and travel behavior is changing in America. Armed with our rich, up-to-the-minute, behavioral dataset, you will have a front row seat to the most interesting competitive battles in the global marketplace today. And your insights will have the power to inform essential strategic decisions at companies that touch millions of consumers. You You are deeply curious and thrive on seeing your ideas applied in the real world. You creatively work through problems with statistically sound thinking and have the natural itch to follow obstacles to their root cause. You are expert at extracting signal out of flawed data to make valid inferences. You think deeply about the problems ahead and are comfortable moving between tools in your toolbelt. And you are quick to learn, implementing new approaches when facing questions that demand it. You are a gifted storyteller and are passionate about helping others make sense of data. You are an excellent communicator and relish the opportunity to empower leaders in finance, technology, and consumer goods with data to shape their long term strategy. You are a strong advocate for well grounded science and data best practices within the company. Requirements Substantial expertise in either probability and sampling, natural language processing, optimization, or causal inference Ability to extract data from varied stores (t-sql, hadoop) and write code for models that can stand up to large datasets (python, spark) PhD in Statistics, Math, Economics, related discipline or equivalent experience 3+ years of practical data modeling experience Excited by a high learning curve Excellent written and oral communicator Compensation and Benefits Highly competitive salary and benefits Stock grants pre-IPO at a company backed by top investors Take unlimited, responsible vacation About Us Edison provides intelligent email solutions for users and competitive intelligence for businesses. The largest, most valuable and as yet untapped data on earth is in mail; 3x larger than the worldwide web. Through our user base of more than 3 million users, we empower investors, brands, and technology companies to understand trends in the marketplace and gain deep insights into consumer behavior patterns. As a team, we’re collaborative, engaged, and committed to continually improving as we serve our mission. None of us are on an island-- we trust our teammates to lend a hand when we’re stuck and our egos take a backseat to figuring out the best approach to tackling problems. We’re energized by tough problems and are excited to know that a challenge ahead of us does not have a textbook solution. Finally, we’re always in a posture of learning-- there is a lot we do not know but that does not hold us back from making an attempt at solutions. We lead thorough blameless postmortems to become better analysts, scientists, and leaders.
 Data Experience: Los Gatos, California Data Engineering and Infrastructure Netflix is the leading online video subscription service, reaching millions of US and international households. Netflix became well known as a data driven company for our personalized recommendations, but our use of data doesn't stop there. From testing new features for the website to measuring performance across many devices to making wise choices about content, we use our petabytes of data to move the business forward. To do that we have built a big data platform that, along with the rest of our infrastructure, lives in the cloud and will continue to grow with us as we expand. This platform is used by engineers, analysts and data scientists to leverage our data to do interesting and impactful analysis and allow Netflix to continue to innovate. The Data Experience team is working to make it as easy and efficient as possible to work with all of this data. We’re building a cohesive experience to make information more accessible, insightful and actionable by improving discovery, surfacing context and enabling self- service. To deliver a meaningful user experience, we are building a lightweight browser-based application that provides our stakeholders a consistent way to interact with the big data platform. Our work will enable engineers to leverage complex relationships between massive datasets while providing them a way to extend the platform by reusing features and patterns. We are looking for someone who is deeply technical, obsesses over tiny details, and has an unwavering passion for building delightful products. The ideal candidate should be an expert in developing reusable components and features for browser-based apps. This may be your dream job if you: Value simplicity and clarity in design. Our engineering strongly reflects this value. Have a strong background in front-end development and familiarity with working across the stack. Want to build a stunning front-end experience. Enjoy staying up to date with the changing JavaScript ecosystem. Want to build a platform to solve interesting data problems. Passionate about microinteractions that lead to delightful experiences. Pride yourself in building reusable assets that the community can leverage. Are self-led but highly aligned with your teammates; we develop fast, and align daily. We’re looking for you to have experience with: Modern JavaScript standards and web fundamentals. Building data-intensive and interactive web applications. Contributing to a reusable style guide and UI toolkit. Leveraging HTML5 and CSS and can make the right choices when building responsive UI applications. The intricacies of the DOM and have command over the APIs and their performance implications. Design tools like Sketch, Adobe XD as a plus. We need you to bring strong development expertise and an appreciation for delivering delightful designs to help us build meaningful solutions. You will need an excellent ability to communicate across our team and the organization. Your experience can come from a variety of places including work experience, formal or informal education. You will have ample opportunities to grow professionally, to contribute both inside and outside of Netflix, and to enable Netflix to bring moments of joy around the world. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Data Scientist, Advertising: About Houzz Join Houzz in revolutionizing the home and remodeling industry and have an impact on over 40 million homeowners and 2 million professionals around the world. Frequently ranked as one of the top 10 most disruptive companies in the world and backed by marquee venture capitalists, Houzz will allow you to drive the future of an industry worth $1.2 trillion in the US and Europe alone. Our entrepreneurial culture and warm family atmosphere will surround you with a fun and dynamic work environment you will only find at Houzz. Position Overview Our Data Scientists play a direct role in the direction of our company and are able to work across multiple groups to implement fresh ideas that allow Houzz to be the industry leader. Our mission is to provide Houzz with data driven insights. We are working on discovering information hidden in vast amounts of data to make intelligent business decisions and to deliver better products. Critical projects will focus on the ongoing development of statistical and machine learning models across all areas of Houzz, improving experiment and measurement systems, learning of data-driven insights to guide future product development and business direction. If you are interested in applying your passion to create products that will transform the lives of millions of users remodeling and decorating their homes and the professionals who serve them, please apply. Contributions Build advanced statistical and machine learning models to solve problems like customer lifetime value prediction, pricing optimization, marketing attribution, media mixing model, product ranking, inventory model, recommendation algorithm, user behavior forecasting, user experience personalization, etc. Provide data-driven insights to identify business opportunities, to drive changes across marketing, products and various operation teams, and ultimately to improve customer value and business metrics Define key metrics to guide business decision makings, such as engagement and lifetime value tracking across various aspects of our site Design and conduct experiments, and conduct root cause analysis Work with data infrastructure / product engineering teams to define the data collection needs and to productionize statistical/machine learning models Required Skills & Experience Advanced degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or similar fields 3+ years full-time relevant industry experience Deep understanding of statistics and/or machine learning methods Strong programming skills in Python or R Proficiency in SQL or willing to learn Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills Self-motivated, independent, and eager to learn Desired Skills & Experience Experience with inventory prediction and/or pricing models would be a strong plus Together, we don’t just accept differences - we celebrate, support, and thrive on inclusivity for the betterment of our products and our community.
 Junior Data Scientist- MI and AI: Ericsson Overview: Ericsson is world’s leading provider of communications technology and services. Our offerings include services, consulting, software and infrastructure within Information and Communications Technology. Using innovation to empower people, business and society, Ericsson is working towards the Networked Society: a world connected in real time that will open up opportunities to create freedom, transform society and drive solutions to some of our planet’s greatest challenges. We are truly a global company, operating across borders in over 180 countries, offering a diverse, performance-driven culture and an innovative and engaging environment. As an Ericsson employee, you will have freedom to think big and the support to turn ideas into achievements. Continuous learning and growth opportunities allow you to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to progress and reach your career goals. We invite you to join our team. Our Exciting Opportunity: It will be practically impossible for human brains to understand how to run and optimize next generation of wireless networks, i.e., 5G network with distributed edge compute, that will drive economic and social transformation for all aspects of society. Machine Learning (ML) and other Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies will be vital for us to handle this opportunity. We are setting up a Global AI Accelerator in the US, Sweden and India, with 300 experts, to fast-track our strategy execution. Machine Intelligence, the combination of Machine Learning and other Artificial Intelligence technologies is what Ericsson uses to drive thought leadership to automate and transform Ericsson offerings and operations. MI is also a key competence for to enable new and emerging business. This includes development of models, frameworks and infrastructure where we in our advancements push the technology frontiers. We engage in both academic and industry collaborations and drive the digitalization of Ericsson and the Industry by developing state of the art solutions that simplify and automate processes in our products and services and build new value through data insights. Ericsson is now looking for Junior Data Scientists to significantly expand its global team for AI acceleration. Do you have depth of understanding of Machine Learning and AI technologies? Do you want to apply and extend those skills to solve real complex problems with high societal impact; going beyond ML/AI for consumption and advertising? Then, you do want to join Ericsson’s global team of Data Scientists pushing the technology frontiers to automate, simplify and add new value through large and complex data. Role Summary: As a Junior Data Scientist, you will need to have good programming skills and strong understanding of data science and Machine Learning tools. You will use your knowledge and/or experience in Data Science methodologies apply them to solve challenging real-world problems as part of a highly dynamic and global team. You will work in a highly collaborative environment where you communicate and plan tasks and ideas. You will be working on high impact initiatives with other DS in Machine Intelligence to drive growth and economic profitability for Ericsson and its customers by accelerating current Ericsson offerings. Your contribution will also help to create new offerings in the areas of MI driven 4G and 5G network, distributed cloud, IoT and other emerging businesses. Your Roles and Responsibilities Conduct functional and technical analysis within Ericsson organization and strategic customers to understand MI-driven business needs and opportunities Contribute to rapid and iterative development of validated minimum viable solution addressing these needs. This includes working with petabytes of 4G/5G-networks, IoT and exogenous data, and proposing/selecting/testing predictive models, recommendation engines, anomaly detection systems, statistical model, deep learning, reinforcement learning and other machine learning systems Conduct studies and find creative usage of new and/or existing data sources. Work with Data Architects to leverage existing data models and build new ones, as needed. Collaborate with product development teams and partners in Ericsson Businesses to industrialize machine learning models and solutions as part of Ericsson offerings including providing source code, workflows and documents Work with new technologies and champion them in MI Communities within Ericsson. Assist MI Competence build-up in Ericsson Businesses and Customer Serving Units Help to develop new and apply/extend existing, concepts, methodologies, techniques for cross functional initiatives Engage with external ecosystem (academia, technology leaders, open source etc.) to develop the skills and technology portfolio for MI’s needs To be successful; one should have: BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, or related field 0-2 years of real world or research experience in data science. Statistics knowledge, e.g.: descriptive analysis and supervised and unsupervised analysis Experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Cassandra etc. Experience in model development and life-cycle-management in one or more industry/application domain Programming skills in various languages (C++, Scala, Java, R) with proficiency in Python and/or C++ Understanding of Machine Learning, e.g.: linear/logistics regression discriminant analysis, bagging, random forest, Bayesian model, SVM, neural networks, etc. Knowledge and skills in the use of current state of the art machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, H2O, Keras, TensorFlow and Spark, etc. Demonstrated ability to implement new algorithms and methodologies from leading open source initiatives and research papers addressing their functionalities, scalability and overall industrialization viability You may have: Certifying MI MOOCS, a plus Applications/Domain-knowledge in Telecommunication and/or IoT, a plus. Ability to build and nurture internal and external communities Experience with data visualization and dashboard creation is a plus Ability to work independently with high energy, enthusiasm and persistence Good communication skills in written and spoken English Experience in writing and presenting white papers, journal articles and technical blogs on the results Ability to work in a collaborative environment, i.e., working with complex multiple stakeholder business units, global customers, technology and other ecosystem partners in a multi-culture, global matrix organization with sensitivity and persistence LI-BF1 Tag: MANAHJ DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development. Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information. Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf. Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance. Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Santa Clara || ServEng
Data Scientist: Mist is the first vendor to bring enterprise-grade Wi-Fi, BLE and IoT together through a highly scalable cloud architecture. Our mission is to deliver personalized location-based wireless services by making Wi-Fi predictable, reliable and measurable. At Mist, we built the first AI-empowered platform to provide an unprecedented visibility into the user experience. Mist is the new global standard for many fortune 500 companies Mist is looking for an entrepreneurial Data Scientist to help define and develop the next generation cloud mobile analytic platform. As a Mist data scientist, you will collaborate with highly talented engineers and product managers to build the next generation of autonomous WiFi networks. You will use your deep knowledge of ML and software engineering to develop and implement scalable algorithms to process terabytes of streaming data to detect anomalies, predict problems, and classify them in real-time. In addition, you will leverage data to empower the inference engine of Mist’s virtual assistant, Marvis. Qualifications/Requirements: \---------------------------- Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms and principles Strong hands-on coding skills including prototyping languages such as Python and Java Great team player with excellent communication skills MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields with strong mathematical background Experience with probabilistic models, time series, deep neural networks, supervised and unsupervised learning, natural language processing. Desired Experience \------------------ Experience with open source systems such as Kafka, Cassandra, Storm, and the Amazon Web Services (AWS) ecosystem Experience with large scale machine learning model development for streaming data Previous work in a start-up environment Benefits: \--------- Incredible career development opportunity in a fast-paced, dynamic, and innovative environment with loads of opportunities to learn, grow and contribute Stock options in a pre-IPO company Competitive salaries Flexible paid time off Free Medical, dental and vision insurance (and other programs!)
Movidius Deep Learning Data Scientist: Job Description Senior Engineer Realtime Deep Learning We are looking for a Deep Learning expert to join our growing Movidius team within Intel's AI Product Group! In this role, you will: Build machine learning-based products/solutions, which provide descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, or prescriptive models based on data. Use or develop machine learning algorithms, such as supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, Bayesian analysis and others, to solve applied problems in various disciplines such as Data Analytics, Computer Vision, Robotics, etc. Complete programming, testing, debugging, documentation and/or deployment of the solution/products. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: MS or PhD in CS or a field related to Artificial Intelligence. 5+ years of industry experience with at least 2 years focused on Machine Learning / Deep Learning. Strong math background particularly in optimization theory and stochastic algorithms. Hands on experience with at least one of the following tools: Caffe, Torch, TensorFlow, Theano, or similar. Preferred Qualifications: Strong practical knowledge of state of the art real-time embedded deep learning techniques: - network design - compression - network sparsity - attention / selective execution Significant experience in Deep Learning with academic and industrial track record Good understanding of CNNs, RNNs, reinforcement learning, supervised and unsupervised learning. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong programming skills. Inside this Business Group Intel AI, leveraging Intel's world leading position in silicon innovation and proven history in creating the compute standards that power our world, is transforming Artificial Intelligence (AI) with the Intel AI products portfolio. Harnessing silicon designed specifically for AI, end to end solutions that broadly span from the data center to the edge, and tools that enable customers to quickly deploy and scale up, Intel AI is inside AI and leading the next evolution of compute. Posting Statement. Intel prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.
 Data Scientist: We are looking for a Data Scientist to be a key contributor responsible for designing, developing and maintaining aerospace operational models specific to the Panasonic Avionics Corporation product suite including inflight consumer engagement platforms and inflight connectivity systems. Major Responsibilities include; Data Science Advance team’s capability to bring vision to life, support roadmap development and prioritization, which may include items like a strategic KPI framework, customer portfolio optimization and planning, strategic site analysis (segments and pathing), measurement and attribution, AI platform evaluation and journey analytics Continuously innovate by staying abreast of and bringing recommendations on the latest tools and techniques (and evaluate options) associated with consumer personalization, AI/Machine learning, real time decisioning, and digital analytics. Iterate quickly in an agile development process. Support projects from start to finish & produce data-driven results with appropriate techniques to answer key business questions Use machine learning and predictive modeling to develop data driven solutions that drive substantial business value in key PAC product areas. Program and support analytic solutions to improve and optimize business performance and minimize risk. Program and support machine learning algorithms for model training and deployment. Lead junior team members to develop solutions. KNOWLEDGE/SKILL REQUIREMENTS Understands department’s mission and vision and the ability to execute on that vision Able to define the correct data, analysis and interpretation to achieve complex design and marketing initiatives. Experience with cloud solutions for products and services. Experience with designing, building and managing large scale ML and analytics platforms Proven technical ability with a variety of tools including SQL, Python and R. Commanding knowledge of statistics and or machine learning techniques. Applications in the game industry a plus. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques suitable for analysis of highly skewed populations Proven experience in predictive analytics, segmentation, experimental design and related areas Experience designing, deploying and maintaining cloud based big data technology stacks (Amazon Redshift experience preferred) Experience with traditional Business Intelligence relational database modeling, tools and processes Familiarity with the design and implementation of data telemetry systems EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS BS in Statistics, Operations Research, Economics or similar degree with a focus on statistical methodology 10 years+ experience in data science and analytics environment; should include experience in consumer/CRM analytics methods, measurement, attribution, test planning and rapid testing, strong knowledge of media analytics and addressable media measurement and testing, digital analytics, some B2B2C experience or knowledge, omni-channel lifecycle marketing orientation Strong communication and collaboration skills with ability to build consensus and drive cross-functional teams forward to execution against project goals and timelines Experience with statistical modeling, machine learning, digital analytics, media analytics. In depth specialization in mathematical analysis methods, predictive modeling, statistical analysis, machine learning, and technologies like Python, R and Hadoop. Or equivalent experience. Experience with time-series models Bayesian modeling, Generalized Linear Models and/or Limited Dependent Variables Expertise with R, SAS, Python, Hadoop, DMPs, and digital platforms Proven ability to design and code new algorithms from scratchLI-POST
 Marketing Data Analyst: What You'll Do We are looking for a Marketing Data Analyst to join Cisco’s Global Service Provider Marketing team. You will help to craft Cisco’s marketing strategies by leading analyses and summarizing key business insights. You will connect business, marketing, BU and Sales information to create powerful insights that support our marketing strategy, planning and execution. You will find patterns in data as you draw from and build on your skillset of extensive data analysis techniques and help craft stories that moves beyond the data and explains the why. The Marketing Data Analyst will be primarily responsible for leading analytical modeling, discrete event simulation and data optimization projects for Service Provider Marketing organization. You will be responsible for analyzing large Cisco data sets, developing custom models, authoring deployable algorithms and reporting results. Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing insights Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets using Marketing Analytics solutions Execute data driven analysis to provide answers to adhoc business questions Simplify and visualize results for mass consumption by non-technical audiences across the company Manage and compile data from various sources to provide business insights across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data types Develop, run, and validate predictive models under mentorship from Senior Data Scientists and in partnership with the Marketing analytics team Apply expertise in statistical modeling techniques like time-series, factor, principal component, regression analysis to deliver insightful findings Prepare results to be communicated in a way that informs and drives the organization to action Engage with global clients to understand, document, and deliver against reporting needs to serve various business cadence Analyze trends in dashboards & reports, combined with operating context of Cisco Marketing and provide value-added insights Work across groups with which the reporting team is dependent (data quality, technology, and data warehouse teams) to prioritize enhancements in these upstream data sources for delivering report requirements Manage and work with vendor teams both directly and indirectly managed as well as onshore and offshore to accordingly prioritize and deliver against reporting needs of the business - this includes stakeholder management to ensure expectations are properly set and maintained Design different dash boards and algorithms for business user cases to solve problems. Work with management to prioritize business information needs Locate and define new process improvement opportunities Who You’ll Work With The GSP Marketing Team is passionate about marketing not just to be innovative, but we transform innovation into value for our Customers. We are responsible for delivering world-class content and thought leadership, devising inspiring campaigns and interactive journeys. We are poised to take an established business to the next level, by anticipating Customer needs and delivering on the cutting edge. Our Customers are not just industry leaders, but are redefining the world through the empowerment of technology - with Cisco by their side Who You Are 5+ years of B2B marketing analytics and/or marketing funnel attributions Forecasting, predictive analysis (regression, cluster analysis, hypothesis testing, model training) You have knowledge and experience with two or more of the following: Databases Management, Data modeling, Database architecture, ETL Processing, Data Integration (API Connections and Querying) You are proficient in working with Business Intelligence Platforms: Adobe Analytics, Excel, DOMO, SQL, Python, Tableau You have demonstrable experience using data visualization to tell compelling stories with data Intellectual curiosity and ability to handle ambiguity but seek clarification when needed You have strong hands-on data analysis, discovery and track record of delivering insights from data Able to sustain quick turnaround times for research and data analysis Strong knowledge of Excel and Powerpoint Solid ability to translate large amounts of data into crisp business insights for technical and non-technical audiences Strong team-player who can execute effectively across the entire lifecycle of data analysis You have experience in a matrixed organization, ability to form collaborations Why Cisco At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people. We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices. We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities. Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! WeAreCisco
Data Scientist: 23andMe is seeking an experienced data scientist to join our Analytics team. We're looking for someone with excellent analytical skills and a great track record applying them to improve the consumer experience. Who we are Since 2006, 23andMe’s mission has been to help people access, understand, and benefit from the human genome. We are a group of passionate individuals pushing the boundaries of what’s possible to help turn genetic insight into better health and personal understanding. What you’ll do Engagement and growth: our goal is to provide a high-value, dynamic experience that delights our customers. You will play a key role by analyzing customer behavior, designing experiments, and helping our team build awesome, data-driven products. Marketing analytics and attribution: what is the optimal way to allocate spend across various customer acquisition channels? How do we measure the effectiveness of non-digital channels like TV and radio? General data science: the Analytics team at 23andMe is highly cross-functional and works with groups across the company to help solve problems in a rigorous, data-driven way. Example applications include forecasting, web analytics, and data visualization. What you’ll bring 5+ years of industry work experience in a Data Scientist or equivalent role M.S. in statistics, engineering or computer science, or equivalent work experience Skilled in R, Python, and SQL. Google Analytics and AWS are a plus Self-starter; reliable team player with strong initiative and the ability to thrive in a high-intensity, rapidly changing environment Excellent communication skills; this role requires regular interaction with team leads from each part of the company Strong applied statistics and data visualization skills An online sample of your analytical and/or data visualization abilities is greatly appreciated About Us 23andMe, Inc. is the leading consumer genetics and research company. Our mission is to help people access, understand and benefit from the human genome. The company was named by MIT Technology Review to its “50 Smartest Companies, 2017” list, and named one of Fast Company’s “25 Brands That Matter Now, 2017”. 23andMe has over 5 million customers worldwide, with ~85 percent of customers consented to participate in research. 23andMe is located in Mountain View, CA. More information is available at www.23andMe.com ( https://www.23andme.com/ ). At 23andMe, we value a diverse, inclusive workforce and we provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at accommodations-ext@23andme.com ( accommodations- ext@23andme.com ). 23andMe will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law. Please note: 23andMe does not accept agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.
 NLP Data Scientist: Knowledge extraction from unstructured text About the Job PARC's Interaction and Analytics Lab is offering a position for an on-going project that requires the extraction of knowledge from unstructured documents using modeling and techniques from Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning. The focus of the effort is on understanding the text of business documents. The project includes general NLP and ML techniques plus analyzing the information content in an initial corpus to identify informational elements structuring logical forms to represent information appropriately establishing goals for the system and evaluating how well the system meets those goals Candidates must have experience with knowledge extraction and knowledge representation that incorporates entities and the relations between them. Responsibilities include: Create knowledge extraction system Develop computational models of language that is readable and appropriate for the domain Prepare training and testing data Work with other researchers to understand and integrate with the overall system Requirements: Masters degree in computer science or related field Experience in machine learning, text analysis, and NLP Experience in algorithm design and modeling Experience designing and working with ontologies Programming skills in Java, Python, or similar language Benefits We offer a very competitive salary package and full benefits (medical, dental, vision, life & disability insurance, 401K. PARC also strives for the best possible work-life balance, so employees benefit from maternity, paternity and adoption leave, as well as a variety of flexible working options. PARC employees enjoy the use of onsite health & fitness center and collegial dining at our onsite cafeteria. The PARC campus is in a spacious modern building in close proximity to the resources and opportunities of Silicon Valley and benefits from nearby leading universities such as Stanford and Berkeley. It is also close to many amenities, top schools, and outdoor activities (see http://www.parc.com/about/culture.html). PARC provides a highly diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (see http://www.parc.com/about/careers/). About PARC PARC, a Xerox company, is in the Business of Breakthroughs®. Practicing open innovation, we provide custom R&D; services, technology, expertise, best practices, and intellectual property to Fortune 500 and Global 1000 companies, startups, and government agencies and partners. We create new business options, accelerate time to market, augment internal capabilities, and reduce risk for our clients. Since its inception, PARC has pioneered many technology platforms – from the Ethernet and laser printing to the GUI and ubiquitous computing – and has enabled the creation of many industries. Incorporated as an independent, wholly owned subsidiary of Xerox in 2002, PARC today continues the research that enables breakthroughs for our clients' businesses. PARC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion or belief, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, military/veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, physical or mental disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with PARC should contact PARC Human Resources.
Data Scientist, NSW: _Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things. Serving customers in over 100 countries, our research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect._ NSW (Nokia Software) Job Position Summary Description: The role of the Data Scientist is to work on the conception, design, development of analytical models and algorithms in the areas of machine learning, statistics and optimization of space-time networks and systems with assets and resources participating in networks. The work includes the creation of both prototype “proof of concept” models to prove out specific technologies and algorithms as well as production models. In addition, the Data Scientist will provide general analytical advice and inputs to the professional services, product management and engineering organizations. Key Responsibilities / Functions: Develop and Apply state-of-the-art algorithms for large scale stochastic optimization, predicting failure times and other machine learning technologies like deep learning, signal processing and to build and validate algorithms that satisfy specific customer requirements. Some travel to customer sites is required to capture requirements, give demos, support projects and customer account teams. Input to technical sections of RFP/RFI responses is also required. Location: Candidate should be located in: San Jose, CA; Austin, TX; or Ottawa ON. Required Qualifications: (Education, Technical Skills/Knowledge) At least 6 months of internship experience Education Required: A masters degree in statistics, physics, operations research, computer science, business analytics or applied mathematics General Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches Comfortable manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data Business skills to build the algorithms necessary to find the right answers A flair for presenting complex results in a visual and intuitive manner Nokia is an equal opportunity employer that is commited to diversity and inclusion. At Nokia, employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Data Scientist, Customer Insights: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. We're looking for Data Scientists to work on our Customer Insights (CI) products. CI builds products for the marketing and sales teams at Facebook. We're building full cross-functional teams in Menlo Park, New York City and Seattle to tackle Sales Planning, Marketing Automation and Knowledge Management in support of realizing our vision of building the best marketing and sales products, anywhere, ever. You will take part in enabling the move from "art of selling" to the "science of selling" at Facebook. You will enjoy working with cutting edge technology and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product. This position is based full time in our Menlo Park, CA office. RESPONSIBILITIES Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches The Data Scientist role has work across the following four areas: Product Operations Forecasting and setting product team goals Designing and evaluating experiments Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics Building and analyzing dashboards and reports Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis Evaluating and defining metrics Exploratory Analysis Proposing what to build in the next roadmap Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends Identifying new levers to help move key metrics Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems Product Leadership Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams Data Infrastructure Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and python based ETL framework MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 2+ years experience doing quantitative analysis BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field Experience in SQL or other programming languages Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.) Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (ex. R, SAS) or other methods PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Advanced degrees Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)
 Data Analysis Intern: Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way we live and work. The Internet of Things. Autonomous cars. Wearables. Smart medical devices. Secure financial services. Machine learning and computer vision. These breakthroughs are ushering in the era of Smart, Secure Everything―where devices are getting smarter, everything’s connected, and everything must be secure. Powering this new era of technology are advanced silicon chips, which are made even smarter by the remarkable software that drives them. Synopsys is at the forefront of Smart, Secure Everything with the world’s most advanced tools for silicon chip design, verification, IP integration, and application security testing. Our technology helps customers innovate from Silicon to Software, so they can deliver Smart, Secure Everything. The broad DesignWare IP portfolio includes logic libraries, embedded memories, embedded test, analog IP, interface IP, security IP, embedded processors, and subsystems. To accelerate prototyping, software development and integration of IP into SoCs, Synopsys' IP Accelerated initiative offers IP Prototyping Kits and IP subsystems. Our extensive investment in IP quality, comprehensive technical support and robust IP development methodology enables designers to reduce integration risk and accelerate time-to-market. This internship with be with our Solutions IP group. What you will learn: As an intern, you will develop routines using Tcl to process test chip data in the Yield Explorer tool to create charts and tables; Will also help create test chip reports using either MS Word and either Yield Explorer or Excel. You will gain experience in data processing, user interface, and data analysis Skill Requirements: Experience with data analysis including pivot charts and scatter plots Programming experience in a major language such as C, Java, Python, Tcl Experience with Excel and MS Word Education Requirements: Must be currently enrolled in a Bachelors Program pursuing Computer Science
Data Scientist, SMB: Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started. The Small & Medium Business (SMB) team contributes directly to Facebook’s mission by connecting small businesses with their customers and helping them grow through solutions like pages, advertising, and offers. We succeed when we help our customers grow their business. The SMB team is searching for a Data Scientist. The Data Scientist will use data analysis to understand customer profiles, produce reports to track our business, and build models to provide insight into the Small & Medium Business customer base, identify opportunities, and impact the strategy of our Product, Marketing, and Sales teams. Ideal candidates love breaking down problems, building solutions, delivering actionable and data-driven insights, and working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. RESPONSIBILITIES Take advantage of massive amounts of structured data to understand how our customers interact with our product and service offerings. Work within a dedicated pod of data scientists, marketers, and leadership team to drive strategy and execution to achieve revenue and product adoption goals. Work closely with the channel marketing team to plan, execute, report and monitor marketing campaigns. Work closely with other analysts to develop data infrastructure (data pipelines, reports etc.) and other tools to make analytics easier and more effective. Produce ad hoc analyses to aid team in understanding customer behavior, develop POVs, and drive decision-making. Be a thought leader and go-to expert on data resources and tools. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS BA/BS in Math, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, or other quantitative field 2+ years of experience in business strategy, marketing, finance, engineering, or analytics Experience in a similar channel marketing analytics organization Experience with SQL (Oracle, Vertica, Hive, MySQL, etc.) Experience with statistical analysis Experience working with statistical packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc. Development experience in at least one scripting language (Python, JavaScript, etc.) Experience with Small & Medium Business landscape and/or online marketing and advertising Communication experience PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Experience working with or in support of diverse communities.
Data Scientist: Who we are At Criteo, we connect 1.4 billion active shoppers with the things they need and love. Our technology takes an algorithmic approach to determining what user we show an ad to, when, and for what products. Our dataset is about 45 petabytes in Hadoop (more than 90 TB extra per day) and we take less than 10ms to respond to an ad request. This is truly big data and machine learning without the buzzwords. If scale and complexity excite you, join us. We are looking for a highly motivated Data Scientist to contribute to the development of our ML algorithms , with a passion for the digital ecosystem. The ideal candidate will have an extensive experience in analyzing large data sets, with outstanding skills to identify and quantify opportunities for optimizations. You must thrive in a start-up environment, be proactive, detail oriented and eager to learn and keep-up with an evolving product landscape. Experience in building machine learning models is a plus. Responsibilities Build and improve Prediction Models Gather and analyze data Identify key prediction problems and propose innovating solutions Report, visualize and communicate results Contribute to the exploration and creation of new scientific understanding (monitoring, new metrics) What your will bring to this role BS/MS in Data analysis and modeling or related Data Scientist role. 5+ years of experience in software industry and a passion for technology. Strong analytical background (Mathematics/ Machine Learning) Computer Science background with 6 months- 1 year of programming experience in Python or another language (C, Java, C++ or other scripting languages are all good) At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard, feel a sense of belonging, and are treated with respect and dignity. Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the "Apply" button you expressly give your consent.
Scientist II, DMPK: Pharmacyclics is committed to the development and commercialization of novel therapies intended to improve the quality and duration of life and to resolve serious unmet medical needs for cancer patients. Pharmacyclics is a wholly- owned subsidiary of AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV), a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company. Oncology is a key therapeutic area for AbbVie, with a portfolio consisting of three marketed products and a pipeline containing multiple promising new molecules that are being studied in more than 200 clinical trials for over 20 different types of cancer. More than 1,200 Pharmacyclics and AbbVie research scientists, clinicians, marketing, operations and corporate professionals work in the San Francisco Bay Area. They combine their expertise in immuno-oncology, stem cells, and cell-signaling with their knowledge of bispecific antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs), and covalent-inhibitor technologies to discover and develop novel cancer treatments. Together, we are striving to outsmart cancer. To learn more about us, please visit us at http://www.pharmacyclics.com/ Technical expert that will independently investigate, identify, develop and improve existing and new laboratory methods/techniques and processes, to address critical DMPK project needs. Continuously read and adapt literature to accomplish assignments. Demonstrate mastery of a broad range of in vitro ADME experimental techniques and methods of data analysis required to support Pharmacyclics drug discovery and development projects. Reports into Drug Metabolism function and works closely with bioanalytical and PK scientists to support early Discovery and lead optimization. Key Accountabilities/ Core Job Responsibilities: Independently design, execute and interpret critical experiments to answer scientific questions. Understand the broad objectives of the project as well as their role in achieving those objectives, and modify experimental plans when required, to respond to project needs. Ability to effectively communicate study design, set and meet experimental timelines, innovate and implement experimental protocols and generate high quality data. Demonstrate a high level of proficiency in in vitro ADME techniques. Contribute to writing and conceptual framework of publications, presentations, and patents. Effectively organize and present scientific plans and data. Understand and adhere to corporate standards regarding code of conduct, safety, appropriate handling of materials, controlled substances, radioactive compounds and GxP compliance. Extensive cell culture experience and capable of performing bi-directional permeability studies using Caco2, MDCK or similar cell lines. Conduct in vitro metabolism studies (CYP induction, protein binding and stability etc.) and perform data analysis to quantify test compounds/metabolites in various matrices, including plasma, microsomes, hepatocytes etc. Proficient in operating and trouble-shooting HPLC-tandem Mass spectrometer (LC-MS/MS). Effectively manage numerous tasks/projects simultaneously to meet internal/external deadlines while maintaining organizational integration within DMPK team. Proficient in the use of electronic lab notebook and capable of good record keeping. Qualifications: BS or equivalent education with typically 7 or more years of experience or MS or equivalent education with typically 5 or more years of experience. Demonstrated ability to learn, understand and master new experimental techniques and act as a resource or mentor for others. Demonstrated scientific writing skills and strong verbal communication skills LC/MS/MS assessment of metabolism using unlabeled and radiolabeled test compounds. Ability to fully operate, maintain and troubleshoot Mass spectrometers, HPLC/UPLC systems, auto sampler and data software systems. Capable of optimizing conditions for quantitation and chromatographic separation of analytes in biological samples. Ability to effectively work in a team environment. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
 Data Scientist: Crystal Dynamics, a part of the Square-Enix family and the studio behind the award-winning _Tomb Raider_ game franchise, is constantly on the hunt to add even more top-tier gaming talent worldwide to our family. We pride ourselves on attracting and developing the best of the best to craft the most exciting projects in gaming. Our 25 years of development experience, as well as our studio members’ combined AAA game industry pedigree, has established us as one of the premier studios in the world today. Come and make us even better! Crystal Dynamics is headquartered in sunny Redwood City, CA, just south of San Francisco and north of San Jose. Join the studio as a Data Scientist analyzing and deciphering player behavior, feature effectiveness, and fraudulent activities in our games. Benefits for this full-time position include a competitive salary, 100% employer-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance options and 20 days of paid time-off. You also receive free access to a well-appointed 50,000’ foot athletic club (complete with a rock climbing wall and pool!), an impressive on-site cafeteria with food options for every palate, and a gorgeous natural campus by San Francisco Bay. Position Summary: Crystal Dynamics is actively looking for an experienced and motivated Data Scientist to join our team. The Data Scientist will work alongside Production, Marketing, Community, and Engineering to deliver advanced analytics. They will be responsible for using big data, machine learning tools, and visualization techniques to find consistent patterns and correlations that will help drive our KPIs with respect to player acquisition, retention and e-commerce. The ideal candidate should have a security mindset. This candidate should be able to leverage various statistical, AI, and machine learning methods to detect fraudulent behavior and anomalies. Essential Duties: Analyze large data sets to identify behavior trends among users using quantitative, statistical and machine learning techniques. Drive analysis and insight to help build predictive models, tools and processes to support production goals of player acquisition, retention and e-commerce. Collaborate with Production and Engineering on operational performance analysis, product requirements, monitoring and launch support. Define KPIs, build dashboards, reports on chosen platforms. Manage and own platform user data and act as subject matter expert on relevant KPI-s. Respond to operational needs by providing analytical support. Essential Requirements: 5+ years of experience in business or data analysis with experience from identity, e-commerce, online payments, or gaming industry. Bachelor’s degree required in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science Strong analytical skills including the ability to interpret and manipulate large structured data to develop recommendations and analysis. Proficiency with SQL, tools such as Tableau, and other statistical/reporting packages. Proficiency with one of coding language, such as Python or Java. Spark experience is a plus. Self-motivated, work well both independently and as part of an agile team. Preferred Experience: Master’s degree required in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science Preferred experience with console development for current platforms Have a clear understanding of Big Data tools mainly being Splunk, Hadoop, and Spark Experience with Visualization tools and platforms. Crystal Dynamics is an EOE and M/F/D/V employer.
Chief Data Scientist: Chief Data Scientist Mountain View, CA GroundTruth, is a global location technology company that drives results with real data. We believe in the power of place. Build your brand, increase sales and more by building off what real people are doing in the real world, mapped using our proprietary Blueprints technology. GroundTruth delivers superior consumer insights by seeing more people and places than anyone else, with an unrivaled first-party database of 150 million active monthly users, across 100 million places and points of interest. GroundTruth currently serves 21 countries globally. Learn more: www.GroundTruth.com We are looking for a dynamic and proven chief data scientist to head our data science team. The person will lead and grow a team of smart researchers and engineers to address challenging data problems in the exciting location domain. Additionally, the chief data scientist is a machine learning expert who is knowledgeable in advertising industry and is interested in leading research on the new area of location based performance delivering. You will: Be responsible for the development strategy, technical path, and key technology direction. Work with engineering and platform teams on strategies for integrating machine learning products with distributed high frequency low latency systems. Represent the company as the scientific expert for patent applications, litigations, and industrial standard committees. Be a hands-on leader who is willing to roll up your sleeves and discussing technical details with your team members. Be an expert in machine learning and data mining algorithms and systems. Additionally, you will mentor team members and provide technical guidance. Recruit, manage, and grow a team of 10+ data scientists and engineers. Work with product and business team to drive production innovations and deliver science algorithms into productions. You are: Expertise: Expert in machine learning and Data Science with an ability to recognize the limitations of approaches or dead-ends early on. Well organized: Ability to prioritize and deliver results timely. Excellent communicator: Strong written and verbal communication skills, comfortable in engaging conversation with all levels. Problem solver: Take initiatives and drive them to conclusions. Eager to learn and implement new technologies. You have: Ph. D in engineering, computer science, statistics, operations research, math, physics, economics or another quantitative field. 10+ years of software engineering and scientific experience. 5+ years of experience in people management Extensive experience in hands-on coding using Python, and C++ or Java. Experience in and broad knowledge on relational databases and the 'big data' ecosystem and tools. Highly preferable to have experience in advertising domain, and geo-spatial technologies. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 Research Scientist-Blockchain and Data Analytics: Job Description Visa Research is a newly created research organization as part of the company's effort on expanding its technology research capabilities globally. Visa Research conducts both applied and fundamental research. It engages with the company's technology and product teams, business partners, academics, and governments, to explore and develop technologies that are critical to the payments industry in the future. Visa Research currently focuses on building research teams in three key areas: Data Analytics, Security, and Future of Payment. As part of our research in the Future of Payment, we are establishing a Blockchain research team to advance this exciting technology in the context of payment ecosystem, and we are looking for outstanding researchers and engineers with a broad range of expertise such as Blockchain, Cryptocurrency, Distributed System, and Security. The Position The Research Scientist will work with a team to conduct world-class research on fundamental technology challenges in Blockchain and contribute to the long- term research agenda in the future of payments, as well as deliver innovative technologies and insights to Visa's strategic products and business. This role represents an exciting opportunity to make key contributions to Visa's strategic vision as a world-leading data-driven company. The successful candidate must have strong academic track record and demonstrate excellent system skills. The successful candidate will be a self-starter comfortable with ambiguity, with strong attention to detail, and excellent collaboration skills. Responsibilities: Develop deep understanding of the Blockchain technology and provide guidance on the use case studies and pilots of Blockchain Design innovative algorithms and solutions to advance the Blockchain technology with better scalability and higher performance Design innovative algorithms and solutions to advance the Blockchain technology with better privacy and auditing capabilities Develop prototype implementation and conduct experimental studies of different Blockchain technologies Develop and maintain technical documentations for patent disclosure and scientific publication Qualifications PhD study in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, and related fields 2-3 Years of Full Time Professional Experience in the field Research experience with Blockchain technology and cryptocurrency Research experience with at least one popular Blockchain platform, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, or HyperLedger Research experience with at least one foundational area in Blockchain, such as cryptography, security, and distributed system Strong verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to think outside the box and innovate. Additional Information Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code.
Data Scientist/Machine Learning: At AREVO, our team is taking 3D printing technology to the next level. We are 3D printing ultra strong composite parts exceeding the strength of titanium. We have invented the world’s strongest composite materials, True3D printing and robotic arm based factory of the future manufacturing cells — and this is just the beginning. With our technology, we are making lightweight production parts for aerospace, industrial, consumer and medical industries enabling new applications for additive manufacturing. Arevo is looking for a candidate that can leverage/develop machine learning technologies using imaging/non-imaging data for solving a diverse set of problems. (computer vision, deep learning, structural optimization, Material Property Prediction etc) Be part of a cross-disciplinary team working on product development. Teams include computer scientists, material scientists and roboticists. Be a thought leader - guide data strategy, labeling/annotation methodologies, Strong background and experience in machine learning Experience end-to-end machine learning pipeline ( data exploration, feature engineering, model building, hyper parameter optimization, performance evaluation, inference ) Experience with image processing / signal processing a plus Experience with image analysis leveraging mythologies using GPUs (a plus) Extensive experience with neural network libraries (i.e. Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc) Excellent Communication skills Self driven individual take high-level problem and see to completion Demonstrated programming skills proficient in C++/Python/MATLAB Demonstrable body of work ( i.e. GitHub repo, Kaggle competition, peer- reviewed scientific publications) PHD in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics Responsible for: collecting/processing/generating data from variety of sources (sensors, images) identify, generate and selecting modeling features train build model to meet goals Innovate new techniques to address needs
